it actually looks very organic.
to make a case against democracy.
without prejudice, a human who had never lied.
EQ Curve needs a different name
for huge profits to major international mining companies
just as the sun is starting to set,
Will the organs be used for research ?
No Hindi Text Provided Here
Specialities of stream of Krishna-poetry
Writing to temporary mailbox failed: %s: %s
Close main window without asking to save changes.
All of these blocks have names.
as simple as possible, but no simpler.
Now as anthropologists, we know
The maximum number of items to be returned by gtk_recent_manager_get_items()
Error creating folder '%s': %s
imagine what that does to the adult learner
And there is no notion,
If you use a proxy server...
The start of Kuruvamsh and the Pandu.
The Wi-Fi network could not be found
The elephant almost invariably remains standing .
Dasbabu became Mayor of Calcutta.
Are you sure you want to delete the network “{0}”?
to conceal a secret within its seams or something.
after this the INDIAN army took controle of this fort
it is almost impossible to believe
with some symbols on them.
Could not calculate sources.list entry
Identical labels for two file systems
Disable if two keys pressed together
Click to view your appointments and tasks
The book became the fashion and highly prized .
That's something we can learn from.
How much to darken the background image
this is plotting different components
Pictures of Red Fort of Delhi
Dance India Dance Li'l Masters 2
figuring out when they diverge
User defined URL link frame
And geriatricians try to hold back the sands of time
and you take this wood and make morphological optimization,
help us understand whether our smile is fake or real,
and different shapes floating around.
Please select one or more files.
of the reality of yourself, which is oneness, wholeness,
And this is a therapist who sees therapists,
Amar Singh Gate, Fort of Agra
Attribute “%s” repeated twice on the same <%s> element
Because when you do purchases in online stores,
What we learn is that changing models is hard.
Category: Prime Ministers of India
The first one that you see in front of you
heart rate, pulse, oxygen within the blood,
Islam's main sects and its distribution|
Cannot run command '%s': %s.
That's right. According to scientists, a cheese sandwich
that it starts here, and you go through a track,
“ But what if I can ' t ? ”
Start Haguichi minimized in the notification area
HTML anchor %s does not exist.
You are Noora the Light.
for me and my sister.
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
No items are marked as crossed out.
to Jhunjhunu in the west,
Go to mathematics memory activities
What we need is information.
the prime beauty of taj is hidden in the tomb
This is very good example of well tuned light songs.
was the way in which other kinds of calamities
♫ That's a guess ♫
Surdas was born in 1478, at Runkata village.
There was an internal error trying to search for applications:
Are two forms of Brahman: Parbrahma and Aparbrahma
but it's also involved in tons of other processes,
Let's take the example of the heart,
that are beyond their capacity to adapt to:
of fiber optics, which twinkle like the night sky.
They collect 100 thousand liters in one season.
You have to make a wish to save the world.”
Also, it makes me feel a bit uncomfortable,
between the planets and their parent stars
rashidun khalifa and gruha yudh
Gautama Buddha died at the age of 80.
Sorry, could not change the permissions of “%s”: %s
Pan right on focused track
and that was an easy one.
2 We produced the report in two volumes.
Hindi's development came from delhi,kannauj and ajmer are the areas.
These are based on the explanation described in the desktops
- Saint Francis de Sales
Remigton: Based on Krutidev font
He had the audacity to question my decision.
“Don't be an entrepreneurial type.
You know, these are arguments; these are things that
Select the suites to test
So if you look back to 1988,
Category: News paper from India
List of countries and dependencies by area
This is a 15 year-old boy.
And I just thought to myself,
to tell kids to never be wrong.
What happens at a Breast Screening Centre ?
Bits per channel of PNG image is invalid.
Department of the Environment Transport and the Regions
dressed appropriately, doing their job, owning it.
And he wanted to hoist his flag to say,
when conditions turn against them.
Lancet compiled all the research
Why are environmentalists so concerned about acid rain ?
I don't know what a dead horse actually smells like,
that are endemic to living in small family groups
Swaraj Bhavan (old Anand Bhavan)
Error writing to image stream
Size of the call window
On top of this building there is a big tomb
Need for Speed: The Run
into a country like Afghanistan
So we built it again.
which I happen to agree with,
The filesystem type to use
What does it mean, “dough becomes leaven”?
Boot methods for special ways of using this system.
And so my question is,
How dark it was !
You can't say, “Please love me.”
So 15th chapter will be called Surat 15.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
India at the 1956 Summer Olympics
I want to go with you , Daddy !
Your passwords do not match.
After his death his stories published in Mansarovar.
You cannot get MA for weeks when you are working.
1 . When to claim
Sshullyyt men men men enjoy trouble
When you lose, do not lose the lesson.
Move between mounts not supported
Key to use for motion down.
you'll notice that there's a cramping of signs,
Failed to redirect child process input/output
And believe me, I lived the same sad life
Specify the name of the page to show (general|accessibility)
The Applet's containing Panel's background color or pixmap
Generally Premchand is is known by the name “”Munshi Premchand“”.
Your page is available to view.
you have to dream about it first.
they fulfil all the agreements set by the city council
It bypassed Sweden about two to three years ago,
He came back to earth .
An appointment in the calendar '%s' conflicts with this meeting
Heroes of Indian struggle for independence
A simple word processor to enter and save any text
Mahadev varma's writing's filled preface
Whether the shader is enabled
Abort on any errors in schemas
Diverse cultures and civilizations impacted by Ramayana -(in P.D.F type)
We're going to do this one more time.
Copy book content locally for offline operation
consists of X, Y, Z and then the yaw angle.
Then check the questions below.
SPECT imaging is a brain-scanning technology
He died in 681 .
This tray is supported on the frame .
“When did the world begin? How will it end?” -
that men are superior; women are inferior;
Who will inspect your business ?
I mean, they've come out of that queue line,
So, fairness to one and to the other
Their meat is coarse and devoid of fat .
In 1935 when German army is in Nuranberg
So they're saying the right things and they may -
Ignoring XML node ‘%s': %s
List sections containing resources in an elf FILE
if we stopped acting as victims,
some images, some stories of these trips.
Sages and spiritual leaders would constantly assemble at his place.
feet / two | toes
on completion of its converted to 2 parts
Constraints the zoom to an axis
if you're in finance or marketing or manufacturing.
The civilization of Aryans were called Vedic civilization.
“ Ready now . ”
Width of disk view 'Type' column
One example that you may like to consider is :
Already the Congress is crying hoarse .
They commissioned a group of their best scientists
by the amazing experience that she was going through.
He suddenly seemed to see her differently .
Copy folder content locally for offline operation
Fax no : 0114 259 5566
And sometimes ' grown up then how would be like'
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority
it never held back from publishing any information or articles.
Now what about goals? Where are we going toward?
The accessibility registry could not be started.
Type the falling letters before they reach the ground
They are like fish out of water .
I was always frightened that I wouldn't really love it,
Installing yaboot into bootstrap partition
are doing four times the turnover that they had projected.
But Bogota's example has the power to change that.
The image could not be saved.
GConf key “%s” is set to an invalid type
“But this is me, you know.
By FAQ, the questions can also be send on website.
Are there chickens ? ”
Failed to locate '%s' in any source directory
This architecture related to talent and power as a symbol
Are you sure you want to revert all changes?
'%s' is not a valid IPv4 address for '%s' option
That time they were wearing Brown shirt and trouser.
Some of her works are as follows
and we set them free.
And I go, “No.” Why does that sense of mystery,
but reading does not matter when you feel
He then explained the tonal differences
and it would be very difficult
Failed to set the system timezone
Bachpan ke sath kshal bhar (1934)
But Jaitley 's track record justifies such hopes .
Minimum value level that can be displayed by the bar
The National Institute of the Korean Language
And therefore democracy has become embedded.
Choose brush and colors and draw. have fun!
Adversities cause some men to break; others to break records.
Failed to find Autodiscover element
View from Literature point of view.
rich people, who had computers,
Board of Secondary Education, Rajasthan
Column gets share of extra width allocated to the widget
How will corporate India react ?
those who implemented this will get good result.
And television, radio, magazines, books,
The Shankaracharya arrived in Delhi on March 4 .
Name is the same as the original one
Ubuntu - Linux for Human Beings!
that computers use to decide stuff.
Applet refresh rate in milliseconds
tea and Chivda mixture also is used
what you have as a surplus.
I just took their pictures
Late Show with David Letterman
Automatically raises the focused window
Output Volume (Unavailable; use system mixer.)
The thing that sticks with me the most
who were on the verge of famine.
by the anti-Vietnam movement, the Civil Rights movement.
and their big books and their big, unfamiliar words.
The Jamendo server returned code %s.
and only if they attack you first.
Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan
from off this list, and it's a really long list.
PRC Envelope #7 160 x 230 mm
But in India there is no “the” promised land.
Whether we should show the events in the statistics window.
The idea was to have -
a design issue on a voting form -
If the insertion cursor is shown
in terms of economic growth.
Value of the progress bar
Ambika:Wife of Vichitraveerya,sister of amba and anbika.
Encrypt this message with PGP
Dust(dust), chemical items are realted
He was released on bail and then he absconded .
Stock Accounting for Anglo Saxon countries
Golden Threshold was her first collection of poem.
And just like magic, it moves. The blob.
because the dynamics of this robot are quite complicated.
Token table could not be created.
If you believe you're a beautiful person
that the world is round?” And I started laughing,
Automatically partition the free space
the missing component of this -
Robert Clive, 1st Baron Clive
and build bigger and bigger components.
Voluntary work does not count towards the 16 hours .
But 80 years, we're just not good at.
Use the encoding specified by the document
Alligators found in river Ganga.
Required field cannot be left blank
This time penis shall not come out from cunt completely.
They are large , metallic-green insects with red reflections .
Perceptions of the world will appear distorted .
and then quickly checking the device.
unexplained loss of money or belongings from the home ;
Convincing the Muslim side has n't been as easy .
You know that you're infected,
In this way peroxyacetyl nitrate [PAN]NOx and VOC born.
Shade transparent or image background:
And the remarkable thing was that 18 month-old babies,
There were too many redirects.
This has been the bane of Indian cricket .
and it's very surreal right now to be -
It is the origin of Ramayan and Mahabharat epics.
With four, you make a square,
And after a while I began to perspire.
And on the other we have people who say
Are you sure you want to format the volume?
Goods on order from a shop
So let me tell you a story.
India's cultural heritage is very rich
Horatio Nelson, 1st Viscount Nelson
The movie could not be read.
BG: And the collaboration you're doing with Los Altos,
than it was for my grandma.
Politics, social and economic disparity.
who will try to kill as many of our people
Microsoft Global Catalog over SSL
The child pack direction of the menubar
Check for dead links on startup?
and you go outside into the real world?
Here you have overhead motion capture cameras on the top
See pages 19-20 about unfair terms generally .
They roam about widely in search of food .
which creates completely new problems for us.
They are at 8 Wakley Street, London, EC1V 7QE.
Plugin loader '%s' was not found
those who said that qua ran is right,said the truth.
Celebrity sandwiches was their thing.
not because they made an intelligent analysis of the causes
India's permanent membership of UN Security Council, China's support for
Image file '%s' contains no data
The languages spoken in India
and here's a side note:
Get status information from the server.
I mean it can be devastating, it can be revelatory,
one is present in Tashkand and the second in Turkey.
all geographic barriers, because at this point
I decided to go to Pakistan myself.
working through a litany of market failures and fears
where we didn't have enough troops,
that couldn't stand as the last thing I ever say.”
They were caught by the American soldiers,
to communicate or interact socially,
Now 110 countries are accessing it. Okay?
Use associated planet and position
The man was speaking the language of alchemy .
Indian old thing Serve Description
They would, you know, throw it back at you.
Exclude folders that are symbolic links
The Presidents Salary, allowances are associated with office expenses.
sandwiches -LRB- with savoury fillings -RRB-
Export a VV survey file
Failed to load the calendar '%s' (%s)
The meaning of Kabeer is nothing but The great.
10 years after the war?
The winning here is not
Printing is not supported on this printer.
Custom font name for language panel
that thinks like a human being,
biopolymer membrane, will really change radically
The number of slokas (poems) in Brahmandapuran is 12,000.
by the time they're three
Thus protection was automatically provided during the war years .
%s: Got REQUEST from banned host %s
We love things like plot twists
Which service should be used for sharing?
Constitution of the United Kingdom
How can we deviate from it ?
Requested item '%s' not found
An error occurred. Click to restart from the beginning.
“ I know you won ' t.
Failed to count server contacts
Stanzas of Soor (original reading of 40 stanzas) (on wikisource)
But previously it's only been created for large-scale farms,
Errors were encountered changing permissions for the following directories:
But we also know where we are through movement.
Binding for the magnifier to zoom in
This fort has been made as heaven described in Quran.
Tendulkar is not a regular bowler.
and even became a karate superchamp.
Business Team 2 -LRB- Employers H-K -RRB-
Why did CAIR drastically reduce its claims versus Whitehead?
Unhappy with Social Services ?
Halo: The Fall of Reach
I am out of the office
“Former Vice President Al Gore announced in Nigeria yesterday,
of our proposal for a meat house,
was that even though this was the case,
2 . have receipts and any other documents handy ;
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Than lord shri Krishna told him- “”parth“”!
and built a test rig, and proved that in fact
Error parsing MBOX part: %s
Longest continuous work happened on %(date)s and was %(hours)s hour.
who wasn't white, male or Christian.
Whether to enable DNS prefetching
On 3 September 1939 war was declared .
He was also from Hajarat Mohammad Salalaahu Allaehi's main friends.
All your base are belong to us
This red cup comes from Rwanda
Mailbox for {0} is not on this server.
whether it's family planning, prenatal care,
But at the same time it was also
but you are worthy of love and belonging.”
Error writing %lld bytes at offset %lld: %m
to write your own name
Like you've never thought that in your life? Right? Yeah.
through our bloodstreams fixing things.
so to examine them drupad has called them for rajaprasad
Vedavyas wrote Purana's and also rewrote it.
Cannot subscribe MAPI folders in offline mode
He was specially known for his love for Hinduism.
and says that Mozambique did worse.
2.Mansoon comes in between of July and August
My Drawing Number One .
This is written even before the indian languages started.
and they've discovered that the greatest number, the greatest decade,
when delta river flows continuously it is called fertile delta
Imports stopped and the demand increased .
Y coordinate of the anchor point
There are twenty five thousand hymns in Narad Puran.
So, the ponds, the open bodies, are everywhere,
He was brash, irreverent -
“Before I die, I want to live off the grid.”
Announce when your buddies are typing
List of most populous cities in India
What forgot and what remember.
Yahoo! Work Screen Name 2
Indra was proud by watching valor of his son Arjun.
in this very unique manner?
11. Srikrishana Poetry is independent love-dominated poetry.
Well, not as big as his,
You can say a miracle occurs.
Chhal - Sheh Aur Maat
Failure is success if we learn from it.
outside the context of the film,
What can you do about it ?
Look, this is the tetrapak -
Display notification when a member joins
Thsi led to the decrease in the Jijjyas.
Set an example by giving up smoking or alcohol ;
A hundred years ago, we didn't.
Smooth cartilage is crucial for movement .
How do I get advice about the passports? 8 72
Whether the toplevel is the current active window
Now, this is a real, affordable
you need to take them out of user lists.
There are medium type of dams on other rivers also.
Value decision:women (receiver) gets easier, woman's problem,woman's pleasure
Besides this they provide a needle - replacement service .
But he did have one thing.
- Norman Vincent Peale, American clergyman (1898 - 1993)
Later on he travelled walking in the whole of India.
any change in your breast
Type of encryption key hash for this partition:
how can we create more light?
You must be authenticated to insert a group.
In jail Bhagatsingh spent about two years.
' Both hearing and vision become less efficient .
Set the zoom level of the current view
from leaking inside the house -
Cookie and site data exceptions
isn't a step at all.
So, today who is it going to take
Health and intellect are the two blessings of life.
Your information will be removed when you sign out.
There was an error creating the symlink in %F.
Could not open the link.
he's got three-dozen members of his church.”
Enable Braille? Enter y or n:
Cannot add CMS Recipient information
to digging out these fire hydrants.
The boy fell to his knees and wept .
Battlestar Galactica (2004 TV series)
They just think of good ideas.
Error reading PTY size, using defaults: %s.
to stop the suffering and the bloodshed in Chechnya.”
Let's think about Mexican streets:
I said, I'm going to run some studies
and she ended up in traffic court,
Please wait while Evolution is restoring your data.
Transformers: Dark of the Moon
and now video recording as well.
Use %A for address and %N for nickname
International Union for Conservation of Nature
Series:- Honured by Nobel Price
Unique Identification Authority of India
Rishya ring - the love story of a saint
Textile manufacture during the Industrial Revolution
Savitri: A Legend and a Symbol
but also reflect our diversity?
Reading only of religious books
I'm going to share two directions
But we are unable to convert it into energy .
Masiosare, the strange enemy, is here.
In which prose and poetry gave birth to different thoughts.
So now there's a living room full of guys.
This is a saga of history of ancient India.
how do you make all this work financially,
Show grand total for either columns or rows
Could not evict member “{0}”
and each woman has to deal with these same things
Several minor groups emerged in Bengal and Sind .
Whether the plugin is enabled
Physical ; eg glass in food of any kind ;
Cannot append message to maildir folder: %s:
COULD IT BE ME ?
To sex, man inserts his erect penis into woman's pussy.
Create automatically updating playlist where:
The place should be always kept properly drained .
- Albert Camus (1913-1960), 1957 Nobel for Literature
Cannot rename folder: %s: Invalid operation
humans destroyed the commons that they depended on.
When will they be introduced?
Port number of the http proxy server
And the feedback in all these cases is concrete.
The file is not an image.
People worry about overpopulation; they say,
but there is this sticky part
Show “Reply To” field when sending a mail message
He said to me , instead :
State's area is 3,42,239 square km. (1,32,139 square miles).
Performs the basic where am I operation.
If you spin these rotors at the same speed,
All India Trade Union Congress
DH: So since we started this project,
They ' ll probably start by searching the houses .
Press <keyseq><key>Ctrl</key><key> x </key></keyseq> to boot.
help us make better decisions, count me in.
and peacekeepers for those who are facing civil war.
it either displays a red light, indicating contaminated water,
Calls are charged at your local call rate .
Totem could not seek in '%s'.
Select any uncompressed audio file...
The standard of education the school will provide
if you slow it down and attach lights to them,
Man and the Biosphere Programme
to transform how people experience their city
(Video) Bear Vasquez: Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
Choose a location to save the exported files
15. Best Time to visit Jaipur is Oct to March.
Without the pencil, subjects were excellent judges,
“ It ' s them !
Apart from cricket, he also owns a successful restaurant.
and it makes it unexpected,
Could not find Exchange Web Storage System.
16. What are you complaining about?
like a tiny little bit. You've no clue.
doing the same jobs -
and do something with it,
Krishna and Arjun in Kurukshetra
is some foundational work, some new technology
I watched some of those same kids come through
MMR Information Pack for Health Professionals
During Taliban years, I remember
Nice bit of cloth . ”
I remember once he told me a story
Toggle active window maximized horizontally
Shri Ramcharitamans - Sunder chapter
to build their little businesses, earn more income
List of all Drizzle commands:
I mean Einstein and Mozart
They mounted their horses .
he faced each and every challenges of reorganization with wisdom.
An error occurred while saving to your Outbox folder.
There is no matching saved survey
Why had social exclusion become so bad ?
Convert CSV to Shopping list
because that's simply improving a broken model.
“Players are being bought and sold?
In fact, one of the most ridiculous ideas
We know that a million and a half children
They must not remain anonymous.
Most mughal gardens are rectangular,having a tomb in centre.
Spare the Air program (California)
Default graph outgoing network traffic color
I've learned that they're really the essence
With his imagination he increase the number of his feud.
The helpline operates 24 hours a day .
whatever the name might be through which you name
Whether I ' ve … ”
Common base for tools modules
about what it means to be human,
2008 AIBA Women's World Boxing Championship
It is called Surat in plural.
Enable TLS domain-bound certificates extension
They are multinational, as I say,
Didn ' t she bristle up !
and those glorious disabilities that we all have.
He did not understand why he was doing it .
I saw them , several years ago .
The generated cache was invalid.
Esther, my mother, had stopped driving several years ago,
Write the changes to disks and configure LVM?
Please enter the new password for this network.
Failed to stream mail message content to SpamAssassin:
At the end Allies nations won the war.
have very, very different textures
But this cause is till unknown.
Guided - use entire disk and set up LVM
When I was 10 years old,
Running in system mode, but -disallow-module-loading not set!
Lapsi (means Cave of the Ascension)
Allowances teach kids the wrong habits.
It turns out we were wrong on that.
Please enter the new password for this network.
Which led one scientist to declare that altruistic punishment
His ministry was having Hindu offical more than Muslim officials
Taj mahal is awarded as Islamic art
Ganesha Chaturdashi is the most happily celebrated festival of Mumbai.
Could not create stream: %s
Series: Poets of devotional times
Error while accessing video device %s
Local or national support organisations you could contact
And that makes a huge difference.
and they've all been related spatially in this way.
But he was worried .
I wrote a one-and-a-quarter-million federal transportation grant
Cannot copy messages to the Trash folder
that really prefer the end of texts,
Meaning that phone calls migrate to the Internet.
“%s” expects the second argument to be a timet
This account has been disabled. (%s)
The princess was stunned .
He's someone who escaped from all these bad things.”
You have to download a total of %s.
Choosing and paying for your holidays
Look out - Rejsek ! <s> Shhh !
One way to think of it
Failed to make directory %s: %s
to be able to send his or her children
The filter currently associated with the request
People are lonely because they build walls instead of bridges.
Series: Poets of Gyanashrayee Branch
complete books is mixture of 13 sarges and different composition
Here, I'm taking a part of a document
if you know this and that,
And after, as I reflected on that,
People of many other religions also adopted Islam
You take dentistry, hearing aid, maternity and so on.
Sonia Gandhi , President , Congress
Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi
So that's what we'll do: we'll build bubbles or something,
In reality, it is one of its greatest allies.
to be valuing what I got.
Synchronize folders locally for offline usage?
In 1993, with two friends who were colleagues,
I just really hope you feel
Apps must be served with content-type “%{CONTENTTYPE}”.
Moves flat review to the home position.
for the concepts we're going to talk about.
the real privilege of leadership,
being called childish can be a frequent occurrence.
The places nearby river Dhund are called Dhundhad (Jaipur)
and they make something emergent
BG: Rory, thank you very much.
Calculation factor. In Absolute delay mode the factor represents seconds.
Milk and corn meal are their staple food .
You Only Live Twice (film)
<b>Top Posting Option</b> (Not Recommended)
Punjab and Haryana High Court
Consider recommended packages as dependencies
Please enter the program to switch to enforce mode:
Right. So the next thing is,
but you are not able to implement those things.
and the original seventh century Arabic.
Now it's very easy to assume
And finally, a lot a people aren't privy to this,
Display notifications for mentions and replies only
and this sign, in fact, happens to be
was the different approach to spirituality
plugin %s does not validate, skipping
Silver and golden things are wrapped up.
during this critical two-month period?
Flying closer and deeper into these jets,
So I asked the people what happened.
The kharif 1998-99 crop was also no better.
So where will the demand come from ?
So those are the three A's.
Creating DB & file backup
one of them being neutrinos.
The help the person you care for needs
Governor is the head of state.
The Court will then appoint bailiffs to evict you .
their whaling expedition. Mission accomplished.
I work on the issue of commercial sexual exploitation.
to the real Koranic idea of paradise,
These animals have a long head and broad forehead .
these new cement tanks will supply you piped water.
or the challenges we did,
had never seen anything two-dimensional in their lives.
Move backward between windows of an application immediately
%s the Fish, a contemporary oracle
and also I'm an old DJ and a musician.
Chinese encyclopedia - ample information on China, in Hindi
What is the aim of the specific duties ?
seen and heard different versions
He was sure she would come .
VozMe-Verbal version (speech) of Hindi texts online by vozMe.
that the food stocks would become depleted,
it seems that it was built near 6th century.
Could not access '%s' device
Severe Disablement Allowance - SDA
how this can change people's lives.
The default font family used to display text.
Al Gore would have really invented the Internet.
Citizens Advice Bureau and advice centres
that broke the copying function of your devices.
which is that markets alone also
it had smoke and it damaged his eyes.
Could not open session file '%s' for writing: %s
Relax reality TV , welcome raw reality .
don't get me wrong, a willing prop -
I won't show you very many graphs today,
The size of the remote video window
Bachan has taken M.A. Degree two times.
Stroth ved and Puran are of this Civilization|
than this version that I'm wearing around my neck.
and maybe I give you a lecture ahead of time,
Now, this plant is an Artemisia plant;
Units for a default reminder, “minutes”, “hours” or “days”.
For this reason, its name became Rajasthan.
AIM Home Screen Name 1
Mammography means taking an X-ray of your breast.
writer for X-Men and Power Rangers.
Mountain Time - south Idaho & east Oregon
I march down hallways cleaned up after me every day
New QR code for WiFi network
Can you ply your mind for that one way
Evolution is currently offline. Click this button to work online.
♫ Listening to music... ♫
But it actually doesn't leak.
you tried to impress your wife. I did the same.
and he would redesign it from the perspective
Use accessible select boxes instead of calendar popup
Laws are necessary to make the path clear .
There are a lot of people who are frustrated.”
If you notice, he's actually needlepointing his own face.
The password is too simple.
Prabhavati Devi's father's name was Ganganarayan Dutt.
the flowers don't feel shortchanged.
It means that a young kid from the Andes
Eastern Standard Time - Atikokan, Ontario and Southampton I, Nunavut
And depressing ones, such as the fact that
MTNL and Tata are offering Broadband service.
Internal error: UID in invalid format: %s
2nd time limit display time
This certificate has been verified for the following usages:
I found a brilliant aeronautical engineer
At 100 , the King is ailing .
This garden is 2.34 k.m away north to Taj Mahal.
Maximum handled files in a folder
Using sample spec '%s', channel map '%s'.
Selected only Random from selected
This Automated test attempts to detect a camera.
and the learner is the teacher.
This profile is intended for the Microsoft Reader.
In what meaning is given by the Sahaba.
Shikandar Shah Shuri is not a big opposition to Akbar.
Adjusts hue level of the picture coming from the webcam
Show character count in editor
It lasted throughout his life .
The disc in “%s” needs to be reloaded.
Failed to get module information: %s
less physically fit, physically active to hasten the recovery process,
setting live region to off
He didn't want to play like the other babies did,
How do you want to partition the disk?
Exporting the entire project as Ogg Vorbis
This period total: Period inspired bhakthi feeling
Buying a used car from a dealer
Children's Chapel, St James' Church, Sydney
Click on a pattern to remove it
But also by the incredible resilience of people who
Akbar and Birbal on Wordpress.
Sachin two children are Sara and Arjun.
a parameter failed to be validated by the DDEML.
.Along with the box, a Nokia phone. Thumb.
Found additional required dependencies: ${SUBST0}
1. Which enhance the Dham intellect-
Are you sure you want to pause '%s'?
Could not get session bus while applying display configuration
Loading module '${MODULE}' for '${CARDNAME}'...
But this is great fun for children.
List of governors of Andhra Pradesh
the New Caledonian crow babies, are fledglings.
Tar compressed with 7z (.tar.7z)
And it's as easy as shooting fish in a barrel.
Goats love to drink water from a running stream .
State of message headers in paned view
Sets the user agent for the Apple Trailers site
And failures are celebrated and analyzed.
Her literary thinking was as important as her poems.
it could save their life .
There is no GCredentials support for your platform
Could not delete folder '%s': %s
They'd been running that since 2008,
the Hollywood film “Blood Diamond,”
what, in other words, people like to call “soft power.”
Working committee is lower than governing council
The repeat policy for the actor's content
{0} left the network {1}
The weaver named Niru brought him in his house.
Don ' t think about it now .
The Spanish Government and people were taken aback .
List of cities and towns in Utah
So this also has to be done
Save the image to a file
History of Islam in Indian subcontinent
Other old carvings show cross-pollination of date palms .
Another small water body, called the [unclear].
Das Babu was delighted on seeing him.
They talk to international donors.
Querying server for a list of supported authentication mechanisms.
Where would you like to publish the selected photos?
write-k- Hearing instrument used to write in hindi
there will be 10 people who have lost their lives
that for every country on Earth,
The voice of the statues (1968)
this happened in the brayborn stadium.
Vajpayee , for once , was rendered speechless .
An opportunity came by but was not seized .
The opposite of tradition Kabir, how accepts it.
List of railway stations in India
This event has been deleted.
In this include all kind of various of life.
That's the kind of specificity you need.
title : life of Freedom fighter
The checking of the critical control points is satisfactory .
4.In Krishna Poetry the free compositions are mostly seen.
can't flush file descriptor %d
They regularly practice bowling with left hand.
with conditional probabilities that they're revising
than what we did in the past.
And you'll see, first, the structure of the survey,
its per capita income was doubling every 45 years.
Rational self-interest is not always the dominating factor.
Checks selected messages for duplicates
Speaker of the Lok Sabha
The cursor position of the other end of the selection
By the end of this year,
-36 dB (shallow range for high-amplitude editing)
It did not fulfill the demand for responsible government .
The width of separators if wide-separators is TRUE
Could not generate encrypting data:
Failed to create DDE string
And finally, of course, I think it's fair to say
“ Exactly , ” answered the alchemist .
to the institution of government.
Aksharmukh: the best online tools to change the itrans
conditional group contains more than two branches
The underwater part was captured in a stone pit.
carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas emitted from combustion
Mr. Shekhar Kapur, forgive me -
File “%s” has been removed.
It's about conversation and faith.
Text on the progress bar
is that we can't yet diagnose mental illness
The investment might be worth it .
And I think that's a mistake.
And he can return to the location where he parked
Please make sure another application is not using the drive.
Something went wrong after exporting the following %ld file(s).
Again the tremendous war started between both the groups.
Contact SCODA for more details about these services.
and speakers of compassion, and doers of compassion.
as, “We are what our cells eat.”
List of plants used in South Asian cuisine
If you should ever have the chance
as the real world, meaning our world, moves on.
Keyboard shortcut to switch to tab 8
He faced up wisely the challenged heightened amid reconstituting India.
In the cold weather a second cotton tunic sufficed .
See? They have done it.
a ship that capsized in Chicago Harbor in 1915,
The third time - well , this is it !
And that's actually what happened. We won.
Show text in the entry when it's empty and unfocused
Port number for HTTP requests
Property editor data freeing callback
The item could not be renamed.
Nigerians themselves began to develop
%s: User passed auth but getpwnam (%s) failed!
You have to create the circumstances where they show themselves.
between three different groups of people.
And when they find them they pull them out
surdas,s age according to sursaravalli at that time was 67
DDT accumulates in the human body too .
I'm now quoted in that exact same university textbook
There was no increase in this number for years .
Islam in Arabic means the declaration
This tire comes from the airplane.
%s asks the permission to see your presence.
And I also want to talk about
Binding for the magnifier to zoom out
And, as a consequence, the Western view
The third pavilion from south is Khas Mahal.
that the learning of language material may slow down
and the scientists, geologists always tell me
So she says, “What's that?”
were too much like him,
List of airports by IATA code: R
Research continues into the causes of Cot Dearth .
Choose where to save your list
All that had gone .
because I don't want my competition to know my schedule.
No frame was found in the output from Blender
Analyzing second track of stereo pair:
What is the meaning of this flag ?
In hindi their pronunciation is slightly different
but we must believe that these kids are smart.
Do not provide chat room specific message histories.
In this way the birth of modern hindu religion occurred.
Where it is to be done ;
Action is the foundational key to all success.
Error getting new value for “%s”: %s
in order to give people a sense of proportion
Coordinate expression parser overflowed its buffer.
My Barak Obama dot com, myBO.com
find a bunch of weapons of mass destruction,
Please configure synchronization in the preferences dialog.
we really see the advent of the internet.
The user name, e.g. jim
that cells also mediate our experience of life.
The gap depends upon your local health authority .
The tailor ' s glance round appeased him .
How to find out more
Unable to generate a temporary file for %s: %s
%{EXTENSION_NAME} (extension ID “%{EXTENSION_ID}”) is blacklisted by the administrator.
Do you get enough sleep ?
God was connected in many forms to these ambassadors.
I worked there for two years,
And I think the imagination is the only limit
to respond to the Taliban insurgency
The winning is the winning of the dignity
Young children should not eat partially cooked eggs either.
So we sent an undercover investigator in
and not really to take it seriously.
Phone 071-498-4680 for further details .
Check for new messages in all active accounts
He watched it , clenching his teeth .
- Letters from a social security office .
Execute command and quit. (Disables -force and history file)
And they will step up.
(a) work-based training for a professional or specialist qualification;
It secured first position by getting hundred million votes.
The connection to %{HOSTNAME} was interrupted.
that you see in the background,
“ Maktub ” said the old crystal merchant .
have microbial communities that are more similar
Higher level qualification in Playwork include :
GDK debugging flags to unset
Foremost Man of the Match in Onday international Matches
Can't save image to file '%s': unknown extension.
Replace a currently running Orca
This intersection had been bland and anonymous.
or if they have any to speak of.
And when we act like it is,
and the control over there, the blue one,
Click to change your nickname
Most newspapers and magazines have mail order protection schemes.
is entirely a biology question,
e-dictionary- c-deck, a presentation of indian government
Allow JavaScript on these sites
taste it in the bitter leaves of plants.
And we were helped by the market inefficiency.
Her understanding that a student-crafted honor code
Move the selected item on the toolbar
This is one of my sons, Rayan,
The server certificate contains a weak cryptographic key!
This book is considered as Fift(5th) Veda of Hindu Religion.
Original Gita (with hindi meaning)
AddToPropertyCollection called on a generic accessor
Create a desktop shortcut for this user
He has to observe celibacy or abstain himself from sex
Display a swimming fish or another animated creature
Common color target files are not installed on this computer.
Pipes calls war a success
Because, as an Indian man,
In Indonesia, this religion's formal name is “ Hindu Agama”.
'%s=%s' is not a valid configuration for '%s'
Would you like to reset settings for “<b>%s</b>”?
The background of Shri Bhagwad Gita is Mahabharata
Sure Start Maternity Grants see page 7.
Enable support for Native Client.
India at the 1956 Summer Olympics
Michael Shermer: Satan? OK, well, at least we got Satan.
How would you bring that story to life?
that shows you the balloon and the payload end-to-end.
Open the currently selected folder in a terminal
Because this seems like a national issue,
I have n't time to light it again .
ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup
often members of the organisation should meet ;
they want to solve their own problems;
It's redolent of James Bond movies
And it taught me three lessons
Old password is invalid. Please try again.
Add the current folder to the bookmarks
if they really had technology assessment?
Tourism gives employment to 10% Indian workers.
There is nothing to be ashamed of in borrowing .
Open each selected item in a new tab
{0} joined the network {1}
You need to restart the application.
Practice money usage including cents
Document ended unexpectedly inside the close tag for element '%s'
Host name for HTTP requests
The threat perception has quite clearly changed .
from left to right standing:
List of Canadian provinces and territories by population
The room was empty .
Fast-forward to Pennsylvania, where I find myself today.
At our lab RoMeLa, the Robotics and Mechanisms Laboratory,
Password dialogs as normal windows
Move window one workspace to the right
Unable to create data directory %s: %s
to figure out an optical illusion room.
to be outside alone, to a secret school.
A language is a flash of the human spirit.
“ Because you really like to travel . ”
Well, we've all heard about what they are, I think,
Basic English - Hindi dictionary - information
This application is supported by the distribution
Toggles whether the Attendee Type is displayed
When will I hear from you ?
And there's some guy watching a hundred, obviously.
to avoid the embarrassment of them falling down.
I know you aren't allowed to ask me questions,
The camel has a well-defined season of breeding .
that the person trusted is violating the trust.
I was given the clothes that I needed to wear
ICC regulatesboth Mens and Womens cricket.
Ask for proof of identity .
Why do they do it ?
There was nothing there !
Error: 'nm status': %s; allowed fields: %s
to show you what I think
And the other way around,
Such as A B C D
Produced by DSS Communications (Leeds).
Only silence will be transmitted.
The dialog has a separator bar above its buttons
I don't want to feel these.
Trying to update an unsupported configuration key.
Please enter a valid size.
and we can never know what they know.
Languages with official status in India
And then another big accident happened in our cricket.
Could not load DSL user interface.
but also a few key breakthroughs:
The file or directory could not be found.
Or there may be a slight infection.
So we don't really have easy access
Could not load bridge user interface.
And keep your eyes on the big screen.
Atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki
I learned this from a woman who survived Auschwitz,
Even this claim taxes credibility .
These belongs to Utter Pradesh
” I follow a terrible profession .
Learn how a submarine works
Cannot create folder '%s': %s
SetProperty called w/o valid setter
A couple of different reasons come to mind.
You purchased unlimited data on %{DATE}
The following apps are now installed:
Enable phishing and malware protection
, level enabled at = %.1f dB
Dialog providers can be configured here.
So , transparency is not the issue .
who first suggested this receptive state of mind.
No compatible FFmpeg library was found
Now, how do you create compassion?
Tue Yudireoः Kritideo font changes from device to
and I started to fine-tune the method.
Who 's at fault : MSEB or Enron ?
It's regional shape is soft.
Abdul Fazal (1551-1602) had wrote about Akbar's time
Pesticides and allied toxic sub- stances , mineral acids .
Recognize links in text and replace them.
Mark as default address book
List of things named after Augustin-Louis Cauchy
and be able to say,
and which you can't get around,
The proxy is enforced by an extension.
by an unfortunate accident of history.
and it was different from the men.
And they asked me to join a crowd of people
sidedish made of mustard oil
error reading zip central directory
Show process 'Shared Memory' column on startup
is based on a cyclical world view.
{0} joined the network {1}
%s: %s but it is a virtual package
You can get more information about hepatitis B from:
Ministry of Home Affairs (India)
The government noticed in Ethiopia
A guide for tenants (97 HC 228A)
Please select one of these options.
Some unseen facts about Bhagat Singh (Sunday)
The desperation in his voice is unmistakable .
We thought we could build it,
Which brings on another threshold effect
We're not talking about Connecticut.
Display %s on virtual terminal %d
is that every 10 seconds
Punctuation level set to some.
english<->hindi dictionary(offline)based on word knowledge unicode
Occurrences when a tab became unresponsive
which is air that's outside,
And one of the ways we deal with it
Nehru was a Saraswat Brahmin of Kashmiri decendence.
bleeding between menstrual cycle <s> bleeding during intercourse
Also mark messages in subfolders?
- Walt Whitman, poet (1819-1892)
which resulted in this cover -
Do your arms get longerevery time you read a newspaper?
Windows that should have a shadow
Water dependent research which are situated in far position
Source file and/or destination directory doesn't exist
muslim scholers not only translated
the class moves on to the next topic.
Whether the device has a cursor
Now we all know the crime rate in our neighborhood,
is saved and sent to the criminals.
This is why we spend our time
In use as physical volume for encrypted volume ${DEV}
Mumbai is the best commercial center of India.
there was an NPR story on it.
Always forward calls to the given host
Vivek - A blog in Hindi on Swami Vivekananda
See pages 19 - 20 about unfair terms generally .
Foreplay is generally done before performing sexual intercourse.
to establish the exact moment that it would fall,
and smelt the bakery air,
Meantime sub rivers like soon,gantak,gagra,koshi etc mingles.
PROVIDING INFORMATION <s> You have the right to:
Ranges that hint what sizes are acceptable for the applet
Board %1$s\nBrand %2$s\nDevice %3$s\nID %4$s\nModel %5$s
This new expanded and updated Charter responds to those views.
How is a mammogram taken ?
offactors which may have contributed to terrorism
of the world's population is accounted for
How many people here would say
She was the editor then of a magazine called ID,
that took three people about two and a half months.
Details about problems on this website
but understand that what I have the privilege to witness
Cannot retrieve calendar object path:
In real this temple was builded in 400 b.c.
And if you don't, someone can steal it from you.
Display the standard forward arrow button
And what's the secret to their marketing?
Report any changes without delay <s> Breast Screening
Rs 25,668 crore in the past one year .
Demuxers are used to separate audio and video streams.
It's actually about three percent.
that fundamentally expanded my perception
Search for the sender photo in local address books
and each cell's grid-like firing pattern is shifted slightly
Hazrat Ali said - Were thess things happening.
was so big that I cried.
He started to read the book he had bought .
bundle their nets into mounds on the sand.
So at minus 271 degrees,
She comes from an odd place.
Do you want to continue with full Windows compatibility disabled?
But most of the dropouts had taken place before that.
Movable type, oil-based inks, that whole complex of innovations
he had a son kmaal& a daughter kamaali
he spent 2 decades in uniting &east& mid india
Main lesson of Madhushala (on WikiResource)
I won't spend too much time on him here today,
A D-Bus exception has occurred
and we simply are denying ourselves that instinct.
while their real problems have gone undetected
Wrong PIN code; please contact your provider.
Generations nirgun, nirgun in nirgun, Bata chandi Kyon (why) bahise
Set if and how the spaces should be visualized
Free/Busy information (%s to %s)
National Stock Exchange of India
Select or enter your name to log in to GCompris
you could begin to understand
%s lines had a mismatching number of fields.
to become more like my father,
I was already saying things like, “Why are you crying?
Manage devices registered with your personal cloud
That was only the beginning .
Choose a Maildir mail directory
who became prostitutes for Afghan businessmen.
Do You Have to Tell the Police?
What we don't agree on
Dravidians had their own script , numerals and calendar .
An extension triggered full screen.
and we had a really interesting conversation.
Their address is: 1 Hatton Place, London EC1 8ND.
Fallow land around the village is known as Shamlat .
He decided to obtain help from Russia.
you are sick or disabled
Could not get server hostname: %s!
Click to change your nickname
The summary of teachings of Buddha is thus -
You will see nine robots play six different instruments.
Create a Launchpad Login Service account
I prayed for them, and things started to change.
And then he saw her .
is that connection is why we're here.
Auto complete, this feature included in browsers address bar.
but fundamentally you have to go and read this stuff.
and the bouncing of the sound off the surfaces.
when I've felt this is “Mission: Impossible.”
But when I am back in Afghanistan,
Width of the message-list pane.
It has been called Chhath because of fast of Suryashashthi.
And I wanted to give something back
Extra space at the top and bottom of the menu
doesn't allow them to learn.
“”Jankidas Bose was the famous Lawyer of “”Katak“”.
Its history is almost coeval with that of Rabindranath .
Fetching this file will use approximately %{FILESIZE} of mobile data.
One of the disadvantages of doing that
of the info-graphics that existed
Most of the media that was available for public consumption
Automatically connect to VPN when using this connection
Ejaculation takes place while sleeping which is called swapna dosha.
Mom 's lessons are just not enough .
when poor farmers are given a guaranteed market -
working in some very remote and very hostile places
later netaji gave speech in the parliament diet of Japan
And we know why kids drop out.
Eastern Time - Indiana - most locations
Shri Krishna's Virat (all-comprising) image
This next artist is probably the alpha male
Enable Translate support on “alpha languages”
And this is something that grows in complexity
can actually afford to invest into their attacks.
Where can I get work permit application forms?
jotha akbar (film)is the story of akbar
You can also help by doing the following:
is more global, international law enforcement work
The VHP wants some land released for initial construction .
some mattaer wiil not be goodly shown one.
But the current rovers cannot get there.
embodies a piece of the divine breath,
or we mean nothing at all.
It's not simply corruption and waste
Return to label set administration
Simulation of video disc burning
This is the wrong way of looking at it.
“What are you doing here?
than we might have made otherwise
The title of the color selection dialog
Sages heard Mahabharata story from Sut.
I learned that when I made small, sustainable changes,
I needed something to take me out of my pain,
Or, to be more precise,
You're using your built-in dynamics, the physics of your body,
which is actually incredibly uniform.
setting this property requires non-zero '%s' property
Proteins form nearly one-sixth of the whole egg .
But he did not reply to my question .
the rise of Indian entrepreneurs,
# of paid items (based on invoices):
The Indus script also exhibits similar kinds of patterns.
and pick the right one to match?
they're moving a million shares of something
But we use it because we're interested
Fluoride makes teeth stronger and less likely to decay.
The startup command is not valid
For our auction we have some wonderful paintings for you,
But I'm here to say, as a professor of mathematics,
Create a new mail account
When you start <application>Glade</application>, the following window is displayed.
Couldn't allocate memory for temp histfile!
India has weapons but no vision .
” Now you must work .
And those of you who cashed your money here
There will be a war started between Muslims and Christians.
After that books like Upanishads came.
And mythology does not pay, well, until now.
Switch windows of an application
Scientific nature of vedic literature.
List of airports by IATA code: O
List of cities in Malaysia
in favor of carrying on having a lot of kids.
to the Inuit people, and during the 1950s,
There's a whole range of innovations that we have.
What do you think it will be about ?
We go to meetings in the present tense;
Practice addition with a target game
Five minutes away from there,
whenever they want, in whatever way they want.
1991: Ettore Capriolo, Italian translator of The Satanic Verses
Would you like to send this task to participants?
as the current NASA budgets for human space flight.
in terms of the direction.
%s have to be downloaded
Militants , however , deny the charge .
DTLR Transport Local Government Regions
The year 1939 Annual Congress Conference was done in Tripuri.
Due to recession and retirement: 1988-1992
“ Because I like to travel . ”
When our home minister announces
Kamayani is his unparalleled piece of drama.
but the training for the priesthood is rather extraordinary.
Unable to install the selected kernel
Category : States of india
Are you sure you want to erase the disks?
Error while copying to “%B”.
Gentlemen , come to your views .
Two and a Half Men
List of cities and towns in Germany
Key file does not have key '%s'
Questions with conditions to this group
Whether to highlight the current line
is acknowledging the reality of the situation you're in.
Under no circumstances should doodling be eradicated
Allow printing for everyone except these users:
Generates a D-Bus message when new mail messages arrive.
orca - scriptable screen reader
in Motihari, again in Champaran.
and a third and a fourth.
among the first 200 families to move into this development.
Targeted law, Criminal procedure, sent and enhance police forces
position expression test returned TRUE but set error
This was 7th Muslim town of Delhi City.
at the TED Conference I spoke at four years ago
Wards , thoughts , images were gone .
Thomas Pelham-Holles, 1st Duke of Newcastle
It fits into the environment. It is the environment.
you are sick or disabled
Some of these preferences are locked down
of a whole bunch of little particles.
Because women are on the ground floor,
And then I got a phone call,
The agreement might draw attention to these .
Based on the advice of Brahmaji he sought upon Ganeshji.
1. Lord (Almighty) is one, with different Names.
Move window to north-east (top right) corner
Act quickly , as there are tight time limits .
and we would say it's headed toward Atlanta.
it's going to become possible for our digital personas
%s %s but %s is to be installed
is that we've suddenly found a new species.
The crown bowl is on the main dome (are seen)
If it's population, we're on course to top the charts.
sindh civillisation was developed between 3300-1800 b.c
of the design that he wants to build.
to begin writing a biography of Muhammad,
Bharatnatyam, Odyssey, Kathak are Indian Dances.
Are you sure you want to open %{TABCOUNT} tabs?
To just bring them to justice.”
Minimum days between emptying the junk on exit
Detect media in the selected drive
Show network speed in bits
from the late Arthur C. Clarke,
Repeated drug taking can have serious results .
Never allow unsandboxed plug-ins on %{HOST}
Cannot create temporary save directory.
Legal, 8 1/2 x 14 in
Select folder to search in
It's very gratifying to have this kind of reception here.
are being done in Antarctica.
Choose which accessibility features to enable when you log in
%n will be replaced by hostname
I shall command it .
Only numbers may be entered in this field
The idea of Khalistan will not fail .
And they will think you are crazy .
just at the very name of these things.
And what else do you think about these people?
Minimum length of scrollbar slider
Chandra has no illusions .
Category : Hindi Poets (Female)
Start from what they know. Build on what they have.”
He was alone in the passage .
My father 's name is Karamchand Gandhi .
Failed to launch program to show: %s %s
Stream moved to device %s (%u, %ssuspended).%s
Premchendr do many research to reach his art in high.
The list of accounts to which Ekiga should register
Are you sure you want to revert all changes?
How you can help the NHS.
in ways that are financially sustainable and scaleable.
Error in reading image DIB .
Presidential address to the Parliament.
I'm not sure you'd want it.
This survey is now active, and responses can be recorded.
So, as you can see evidenced by such examples,
The distancing from China may be good for India .
and that's why TED belongs in India.
and folks who are always wondering if their good enough.
including my mother and father.
so I decided to follow in the footsteps
The screen where this window will be displayed.
“ Yes , soon . ”
to reflect our values and meet our needs,
Cannot process, book backend is opening
And moving from one spot to another.
Boys are 30 percent more likely than girls
perhaps we park and we wander off -
List of Indian States and Union Territories by two-letter codes
that the Indus script probably does represent language.
to be the next generation of these kinds of studies.
Healthy teeth and how to keep them 2
Unfortunately he was not able to finish it efficiently.
As soon as I came out of my coma,
Quran's view about,war,peace,rule,family are still influences the humans.
Block third-party cookies and site data
it's not some kind of embarrassing defect
the snakes are eaten by the eagles.
The URI ‘%s' is not supported.
Click here to log in.
I wouldn't be doing my job -
Another thing that helped me, as a little kid,
Different people see things differently:
Include all networks created by this client
Most people make a strict correlation between how much time,
You want to see God.
And then I said, “It's bad, right?”
ERROR message: REPLY_SERIAL or ERROR_NAME header field is missing
<copyright> specified twice for this theme
does not mean that you're a good leader,
actually sponsor companies of Media Lab -
Netscape navigator and internet explorer are Prevalent browser.
It is ourselves we are helping.
You have the Num Lock key on.
will make us into nobler and better human beings.
Cost : Rs 82,000 .
and become an important, timeless,
Weapons of mass destruction KK Ontologies and Terrorism.
He did not even want to .
Reality : This is only partially true .
And he whipped out his cellphone, dialed the number,
There is no doubt that diabetes seems beridden bv :
He felt at ease sitting here with her now .
Clicking on the status icon marks the most likely action
Solar energy only brings variations in weather & climate.
Formation and evolution of the Solar System
Default search provider suggest URL
but have unlimited possibilities as well.
who get an education after secondary school.
a neighbor, a friend, a relative that you know,
National Council for Teacher Education
And these two young farmers, they are girls now -
And so what I'm showing you here,
Now if only it was n't so tiresomely familiar .
- you are not actively seeking work
your story is already written,
Housing Benefit and Council Tax Benefit see page 14.
Can I buy my home?
So, these are just some examples of the neat things
ignore nonexistent files, never prompt
Could not use dropped item
The server refused the connection.
Harivansh Rai Bachchan (on WikiResource) thick lesson
I'm Dr. David Hanson, and I build robots with character.
Their milk should not be used for human consumption .
History of agriculture in the Indian subcontinent
Then in the Society the Prostitution had Emperor's protection.
it may be far more for some of these countries
54. Wood fossil park is another attraction near Jaisalmer.
invest, don't give anything away.
Bhaskara I's sine approximation formula
Then you're going to paste them where it makes sense
On 15th of September 2005, Mr. Diepreye Alamieyeseigha,
and they are, in fact, in separate rooms.
to read a scientific article.
“ It ' s nice for swimming there .
And it went number one on the pop chart
She nodded almost defiantly .
First established villages were since previous 2000 years.
Insert Face picture by default
who's only done eight years of primary schooling -
Use the same proxy for all protocols
One dollar, 10 dollars or 100 dollars per day.
Ek Hazaaron Mein Meri Behna Hai
“Okay, Sam, why do you do this sort of thing?
Well, I intend to build
choosing to move forward and move on
addressing the issue affecting Lebanon,
A name for the action group.
that we need to address before this becomes a reality.
Your mobile data service is activated and ready to use
are not going to solve the problems of poverty.
“ Not the slightest bit .
nature village beautiful pictures also present here.
X offset, from the left screen edge.
was only overshadowed by my return to Toronto,
iv temporary injuction and appointment of Receiver or Commissioner .
The record of making highest 30000 runs in international competitions
Access the USB device “%{PRODUCT_NAME} (%{VENDOR_NAME})”.
It was an educational campaign.
Mail delivery via the sendmail program
Enable search folders on startup.
Motto : bank on creditworthy daddies .
fits both with China and in India
receive detailed information on local health services.
Open a file to begin editing.
I ' m sure .
We desperately need great communication from our
Live and Let Die (film)
to which the Koran constantly refers,
the Buddhists still pursue the breath of the Dharma,
Work participation rate is 39.1%
List of currently active GTK modules
Enable the file sync service
is probably the most important of all of these,
derived from a pinewood, but even after that,
Design and print covers for CDs
and his generosity to the poor.
The accused does not get sufficient opportunity to defend himself.
Gujarati Tulsi Ramayana and Ramayana, filming the role of characters.
and there was this huge spread.
You haven't picked any file.
And not even like a tech company,
Tel : 0845 015 4033
What we didn't understand, what was happening all around us,
Extraction of '%s' into '%s' failed.
ASCII, its meaning is “”American Standard for Information Interchange“”
Minimum Income Guarantee through Income Support?
Half century of my Poetry.
of its forests left intact. Five percent.
And the earthquake was reported as it was happening.
by this sort of weird, uneasy collaboration
Flood of similies comes, metaphors seems to rain
It is because there are different believes of completion.
comparable quality, both in training and in patient care.
Set or unset reminders for this event
Assigned to the Religion is to get the Importance Intelligence
No offense, but this entire conference
Label name cannot be empty.
As you can see, these images aren't really special.
what forms of wealth could be created
DASD %s (%s), partition #%s
The German armies in Nuremberg in 1935.
Error writing file “%s”: %s
Will it be possible that this will happen?
Start with simple words .
This one, they took only 10 minutes.
while I'm walking, while I'm cycling, I made a press,
Addition and subtraction memory game
Failed to create a temporary directory: %s
when electricity was first becoming common,
Draw peaks in the analyzer
When I started, you thought, “How beautiful that sounds.”
Whether to enable HTML5 database support.
I'm saying that the rate of improvement of those therapies
It is bound to happen.
Evolution Address Book card viewer
found naturally in the human gut called monoamine oxidase.
There will be people every where in the market
Rules to choose import filters
British period, this fort was mainly used as a camp
Whether or not the status icon is visible
12 states Caryapalika powers may not be effective
His bating is based on his excellent balance and control.
Question codes were successfully regenerated.
♫ Did you see the 'gators ♫
GroupWise Work Screen Name 2
Such claims are also made about many famous structures.
pitch is the tallness of wicket and wideness
my home state - yoohoo Washington -
Conversion from character set '%s' to '%s' is not supported
No one wants to talk about it,
Set $1%{PRODUCTNAME} as my default browser
So we decided to come the year after
And just like that, I went from being a woman
History of the Arabs (book)
“India: The next 21st-century power.”
“I'm not blank enough. I'm not thin enough,
The problem with this model
If the toggle button is in an “in between” state
What are we going to do?
North Sea flood of 1953
And they said, “Messenger of God, we are battle-weary.
This location could not be displayed.
CalDAV backend is not loaded yet
” It 's a skilled team .
Someone who is only superficially modern .
List of hosts to connect to without proxy
It will change the way we interact with people, also,
gave us the one to many pattern.
“ Good morning , ” said the little prince .
we created hierarchy specialization surplus -
You may be able to get help with childcare costs.
if you're an American citizen,
unexplained loss of money or belongings from the home ;
Hence kayaka implied hard work , physical or mental .
Are you sure you want to remove this device?
Minimum value level for the bar
No, but it's true: the Internet has changed the world.
Delete all photos in the trash
Integer value '%s' out of range
To Change a Property of a Widget
I'm actually wearing the device right now
See page 94 for the address. <s> Telephone sales
Hare Rama Hare Krishna (1971 film)
Do not smoke anywhere near the baby.
Criteria for work experience 4 29
Not that they have to .
take these tests every year.
that I never expected I would ever have.
Embassy of India in Moscow
the topic of a lot of my research.
After this, Japan declared a total war on China.
It should have strong legs and sound feet .
Political Wing of the FAL
The connection to this server was refused.
The military fighters had a - highest-performance military airplane
Could not go offline in the network “{0}”
The documents were then handed over for signature .
turn left, turn right, speed up, stop.
Create a new disk (clone) for the virtual machine
R for which the region has three active Folt Lines
Through M Q M Area comminuty Peshavar
essentially to impregnate a polyethylene-based fiber with organic insecticide,
So it's a very hard model to accept.
Improved varieties of jowar and pearl millet
List local address book folders
It is never beaten on the mouth .
General method of solar radiation.
I'll take you to the top of the Himalayas.
His fans lovingly call him little master and master blaster.
Oil and Natural Gas Corporation
only for Women Self Help Groups.
If in the Islamic Revolution,
Then your companion will dig you in the ribs
The text of the label.
But what about the delay in according a sanction ?
explains why lessons are planned in this way
Whether foreground color is set
their software, are providing portfolios of patents for the commons.
Could not parse color “%s”
Harivansh Rai Bachchan (in Hindikunj)
Kids can be full of inspiring aspirations
Mark the selected messages as not being junk
Restore Evolution from the backup file
and then engage with them as a partner,
and in this process of using technology, make sure
if you thought everybody loves classical music -
Why do I need another smear test ?
that appeared on Google News' front page.
Whether the input focus is within this GtkWindow
He is the Supreme Commander of the Indian military.
Just suppose, as I said, that we do acquire -
Battery discharge time is currently unknown
Indo-Aryan caste invaded Kathmandu before 1400 BC.
And you know how there are people
National Institute of Science Education and Research
Comments not allowed in XML
which is that the system starts to do things,
I understand that visiting this site may harm my computer.
from a different man-made disaster from American history.
One tree should be planted for each tree axed .
For more information visit the battery recall website.
Jeremy Bentham, the great utilitarian philosopher,
So they go deep inside mines
This is just words not the meanings.
From here the Delta portion of the Ganges starts.
Can my child go to the hearing ?
on the stuff of life.
than the approximately 10,000 years of settled agricultural civilization
You need to choose a valid filename.
Google Japanese Input (for US keyboard)
there are about 350,000 cases of polio
India at the 1996 Summer Olympics
So we have not yet cracked the problem
This simulation was run on 1,000 processors for a month
Add a sentence containing %s
Can vitamin K be harmful?
But if another language can think that thought,
Display for the device manager
and this is without a person in the loop;
History of the Soviet Union (1982-1991)
Then there are no people on the Earth ? ”
Each state is having one Vidhana Sabha.
That means that if the entire U.S., for two years,
This house decides whether to pass money bill or not.
they've been used by the Nazis
” It was wrong of you to come .
the ones of primary education,
In Indonesia it is called 'Hindu aagam'
He stopped talking and lay on his back .
Third, this exercise I call savoring,
Don't check for running GDM
File %s already exists. Replace?
The command “%s” failed at decompressing the comic book.
And if we just scroll around,
And they were doing this thing.
And it's a great story, because what happened was
Now, notice that the leader embraces him as an equal.
No support for %s authentication
And it's a big family reunion.
TRUE if the print operation will support print of selection.
as to what's actually going on in the world.
.Terrorism - keeping a watch on politics.
than about capturing a moment really.
Misery rarely comes alone .
the very, very first day.
Ages 1 to 4 : Protect your Child
And now, if you have this pump,
the top 10 most clicked links on Twitter,
Unable to scan for existing mailboxes at ‘%s': %s
then bread became too expensive,
Could not evict member “{0}”
How do I apply for grants?
Two Collections is published from Mahadevi Verma's childhood poems.
Require IPv4 addressing for this connection to complete
Member of the Legislative Assembly
to realize assumptions we didn't even know we had,
Failed to change group list: %s
List of airports by IATA code: G
The particulates and chlorine are releasing in the fire accidents
Unable to find this task in any task list
feel like mark Zuckerberg every day.
If you are diagoned diabetic or are suffering from glaucoma.
Permanently remove all the deleted messages from all folders
We create our lives symbiotically
He did not feel his own being , either .
Could not create synch slave thread
made a mistake when purchasing the item.
Here all that an average citizen expects is present.
a leaf, husk, [saw] dust, everything except sanitary pads.
To claim , get form FW20 from :
They see you before they hear you.
is spent giving lectures and grading and whatnot.
And that would be represented
Do you want to recover unfinished messages?
This linearity thing is a problem.
Could not find this album on MusicBrainz.
- Kahlil Gibran (1883-1931),Syrian poet
Eighty percent of the people in the world
Constraints the dragging to an axis
And this is what we started to do
%s is now known as %s
I spent 20 years in interviews with African farmers
For men this rate is 51.7% and for women 25.6%
If you do, you get to name it,
Below the surface there is hard saline water.
One was killing the mosquitoes with DDT.
So this is actually a piece of fig.
But it wasn't about blood diamonds.
about “I think therefore I am,”
THE REAL FACTS ABOUT TB
Offline for more than a year
but also by the Kashmiri textiles of his youth.
HP and YR: Arriba! Arriba! Ándale! Ándale!
but for a life jacket.
Income Support because of sickness
We spoke one common language to each other,
3. President's ordinance may be Analyzed by the judiciary.
Man and the Biosphere Programme
The world has witnessed the electronics revolution .
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Load chapters from an external CMML file
“ Good morning , ” said the little prince .
Even then GandhiJi made him India's first Prime minister.
Find an item to add to the panel:
And some of them proudly raise their hand
This one was from Haiti.
It 's I who am now bigger than death .
18. Hindu philosophy of unity
This is the Sholay of all plays . ”
his received much more attention than did mine.
Humid season comes between March and October.
Failed to execute child process “%s” (%s)
.Hi-Trans:For Hindi Roman-Nagri transliteration policy and translator equipment.
Install the GRUB boot loader to the master boot record?
My wife's just finished writing a novel,
The specified movie could not be found.
-quit cannot be used with URIs.
Do you want to reload it?
“ Where is she ?
Does India really need Enron phase II ?
Network name is already taken
Boy: What's making this light up.
Paragraph 3 of the General Information leaflet gives details .
Move window to workspace 6
But when will that be ? ”
This research started from the internet middle finally
But , as time passed , Tangier had changed .
started talking with people everywhere,
no active connection or device
You can get advice on contacting accredited letting agents from:
that what went wrong in Afghanistan
1989 Cincinnati Open - Singles
And you've got trillions of them.
this was also opposed by Supreme Court law.
the two countries have begun to converge somewhat
that we're hopelessly bad at it.
is the thing that turns human-readable names, like Google.com,
that I would want to say thank you to someone,
been around for [150,000] years.
because it will fall down if you ignore the details.
which had $460 in per capita GDP.
Failed to launch time configuration tool: %s
Not enough space for socket address
Number of time to blend
from Persian to the Islamic culture.
And secondly, because what I'm going to say is true,
Later on everything got much more complicated .
Cannot restore image of size 0
Her mouth dropped open when she saw me,
of why we spend so much time
Unable to create tag-writing elements
And in the process Africa has been stripped of self-initiative.
is that the things we need are close by.
they're unsafe because of violence,
Error: Access point with bssid '%s' not found.
They mustn ' t catch you .
And humor is a good way, I think,
Why try to scar the sky
Hide window on first launch (quiet mode).
About 1957 here, the health of the United States
He wanted to see India grow as a powerful nation.
The Himachal study confirms this .
) / Loop Play (
has worked in partnership with us,
in the winter of 2001-2002,
Phone no: 0114 259 4071
had killed more than a million people.
we might be feeling anxiety about our careers.
and that, by the way, only cost 350 dollars
Checking the swap space in partition #${PARTITION} of ${DEVICE}...
to go to over 2,000 schools in my country -
one of the life skills that I had really nailed
Subhas Babu established planning commission during his presidency.
Constant Barking can be avoided
we need to help our physicians and our nurses
When power is critically low
Default height of the Composer Window.
View/From menu item is checked
Stage 1 Planning <s> Stage 2 Getting organised
Error: 'dev wimax': %s; allowed fields: %s
GSocketControlMessage not supported on windows
I can ask this robot to go in,
The cows are high milk-yielders .
Config entry name cannot start with '%c'.
Later Subashbabu met Vithalbhai Patel in Europe.
Is this money going towards productive expenditure ?
Set cookie to prevent repeated participation?
from my mother and father,
We must unite to ' frustrate this game .
Flag of the Dominican Republic
Again the little prince disturbed my thoughts :
And so, Anuj took the entrepreneurial risk here in Africa
Create a new FM Radio station
Direct connection to the Internet
Working on average 16 hours a week or more?
Add, edit, and delete your broadcast accounts
A reason for this could be uncertain investment environment .
then it would accelerate in this direction.
and most importantly of all,
Actually the country with more telephones
India at the 2000 Summer Olympics
fertility rates start dropping. And India is experiencing that.
Profile directory to use in the private instance
The translation failed because of a server error.
and you have a 107 constituencies,
So then I went the whole American way,
We've been able to license The 99 comic books
is the melding of the real world
If the going gets easy you may be going downhill.
Invalid page range, use $1%{EXAMPLE_PAGE_RANGE}
to the dinner buffet at a wedding,
is the opportunity to live amongst those
Himalaya is the heritage of Nepal and India.
The tail is even more active .
Whether this tag affects the right margin
Email to {FIRSTNAME} {LASTNAME} ({EMAIL}) failed. Error Message:
Copyright © 2008-2012 Lionel Dricot, Bertrand Rousseau
You must be root to run NetworkManager!
later he traveled whole India by feet
go and see this film, “Doing Time, Doing Vipassana.”
Statements of witnesses alone were not regarded as sufficient .
Mahadevi was very much impressed with Buddhism.
Canonical provides critical updates supplied by the developers of %s.
The alternative to peace is not war but pragmatism .
while coming back from the office towards home,
Well, what's the history of this disease?
Converts an appointment to a meeting
Eastern Rajasthan has always been fertile.
shovel / dig | axe
Please use form WPSI when making an internship application .
Print using system dialog... %{SHORTCUTKEY}
Then my pop got on there.
And she is so weak !
Representatives were elected in open assembly .
Choose what application to launch.
%s: Trying failsafe X server %s
The result was a stalemate .
Shake the display when an incorrect username/password is entered.
List of World Heritage Sites in Africa
Inter-University Centre for Astronomy and Astrophysics
Loop through the image sequence
and they fly all the way down it.
Her works are like this
Operation not allowed without configuration server
Remember the three Ps :
And I think there's evidence -
It's not the way I was brought up.
Leaflet WK1 from October 2000.
Failed to get clipboard data.
“ That ' s a good thing .
Can't copy directory over directory
This is a feedback box called a petition box.
but this didn't happen overnight.
He is the first Non-white (African-American) President of this country.
Couldn't retrieve information about list control item %d.
which was a lot of fun,
Soor's language is easy, natural and comprehendable.
the attribute of wisdom, of consciousness, of awareness,
with all the publicly funded data. Thank you very much.
Run GCompris in administration and user-management mode
and we knew what strain of polio Shriram had.
penis is the main organ requiered for intercourse for man
'%s' is not a valid band
Click “Import” to begin importing the file into Evolution.
He adopted this look to avoid Britishers
Open Link in New Window
This may take some time.
the import duty on biopesticides was reduced in the budget.
that insects in South Africa just love.
The radio action whose group this action belongs to.
Why this sudden anger of the primates against people ?
Akbar's rule also had an influence over arts and culture.
We talk about exploitation .
at the possibility that we've gotten something wrong.
help with caring tasks during the day/night
What exactly is a specimen ?
Racial equality ...for a successful multi-racial Britain
Here it unites with Yamuna river.
How to appeal against a decision
Shanwar was their brave and powerful leader .
is experiencing the onset of August
to the more modern, discrete mathematics.
Email Address (optional) <s> Title of Comments <s> Comments:
Series: Honored by Nobel Prize
From Whence That Stupid Fish Came
Sri Rama Chandra Charita Manas - Uttara Kand
This is 40 metre height
This is the Hang Seng index
They all work as spammers.
LAGUAGE IS THE BATTER FORCE TO CREATE BATTER ANOTHER ONE.
we're learning how to include
And about three years ago,
She had studied science and mathematics in Arabic.
And the Great Firewall of China
Caw , caw … ”
Include all other linked notes
And the Internet has reached
We are not interested in money.
Here's a replica of one such seal.
This is 40 meters high.
Move on ... In fact ... Concern ...
It's an opportunity to truly build a world
But the little prince could not restrain his admiration :
2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash
Directory %s does not exist. Create it?
The tailor gave a sigh of relief .
Your current password has expired. Please change your password now.
Now my mother was different.
Amartya Sen won his Nobel Prize
Janakinath was a famous advocate in Cuttack City.
I'm not saying that it is not reaching at all.
Why are there different answers?
But what is important about his writing is that
the robot naturally becomes agile.
Redirect (bounce) the selected message to someone
it's original - foundation is a multi girth structure.
Expected pair of type (%s,%s) got type (%s,%s)
it penalizes you for experimentation and failure,
There is short-printing of tickets .
the southern life that they had left behind.
Or contact the Early Years National Training Organisation .
There are policy lessons to be learned relating to:
the absolute concentration of consciousness,
And remember, all this wiring is being done
Unable to build an audio track list.
- list files at <location>
Three major sources of noise pollution are :
And they wrote “Shopaholic Adulteress Swallows Arsenic After Credit Fraud”
And this is art. This is metaphor.
that's a kind of manifest destiny;
She loved this. I got the “ABC.”
We do that in our personal lives.
Surdas's Compositions in Verse thesaurus
Cricket's official rules, Published by Marylebone Cricket Club.
It's about following your own dreams -
But some of you do.
You know what it means?
in the wake of the discovery of gold.
Then they would exclaim :
tens of thousands of people
Do not fork into the background
These Mandals were , however , abolished in 1962 .
by sending little pulses or spikes of electricity
A moving logo will be transmitted during calls.
and a Japanese man comes up to you and says,
Schools will have different ways of consulting you.
As long as we believe that people, our own neighbors,
Please do not ever think that
Setting up the instrument for use…
how everyone started feeling the ownership.
then almost one in five Indians will require eye care,
is whenever tempers rise in those communities,
In 1995 his father died of cancer
tackling the issues affecting their country
That day is considered today the establishment of Rajasthan
In the first place they can afford to litigate .
9. For general advice please contact our general enquiry service
Blink icon in notification area
and try to make the music be the voice
One gives nothing so freely as advice.
She still felt him in every part of her .
List of Bollywood films of 2009
Horizontal alignment of the actor within the cell
He also wrote Drama and did some translation work.
So we spoke to sources in country,
And this can happen in the medical domain.
Series: Presidents of The United States
Whatever it is, something else that is being worshiped.
Connection does not support host device enumeration
except to say that he really succeeds
Poor administration covers such things as :
Error saving user configuration data.
The colour of the fleece is generally white .
Govind Pashu Vihar Wildlife Sanctuary
If YES to any, apply for Disabled Person's Tax Credit.
If Your Child Is Already Using Drugs
And behind that are some more modern galaxies.
cities are engines of innovation,
Sports Authority Field at Mile High
List of Governors of Arunachal Pradesh
Well it means growing an actual heart,
Essay Related to Research work.
You bring your water, you bring your soap,
This program is run from a terminal:
Help me fight for environmental and economic justice.
And they can actually sell it
Some of the stuff we share is stuff we've found.
with little pellets in a cap,
Please insert a writable DVD.
In the average home there are over thirty sniffable products.
So I started studying anthropology.
Searching drives for an installer ISO image
After all I have n't done anything wrong .
A few years after that, in Bangalore,
List of cities in New Zealand
There are four ways that learners intake information
Encrypt notes using “OI Safe”.
The recent wave of violence makes those implications fully apparent.
It shouldn't be that difficult.
it's not that easy to know
sustaining the investment that has been made ;
How does your Right to Manage work?
of a million and a half hand-tied knots -
The address is on page 91 .
Digitally sign replies when the original message is signed
I never felt like a victim, then or now.
and talked about the climate crisis.
Opens bookmarks and manually-typed Urls.
Small pulley and two strong magnets.
and in fact, in January, during the ethnic riots,
Category: News Paper from India
No shell found in /target
This is not a negotiable thing, hunger.
To make changes, click the * icon first
Bills to replace Ordinances issued by the President ;
and as they do so
I say , can you swim ?
can be a demographic disaster.
I said, “You're a peach, ma. Pop there?”
and I was very pro-justice.
is not committed to spending its own revenue
That was also accepted as valid.
in the sky above you all the time.
Google English dictionary - Hindi (online)
THE WORLDS GREATEST SOCIETY WAS ESTABLISHED (ROMANS AND IRANIAN)
is that, if we continue to look at education
For each project we do
There ' s warfare for you -
and tell you what I packed
most of which I didn't understand.
through the Code for America program.
Complete a list of symbols
and the software of development,
In studies conducted in Papua New Guinea,
And when that doesn't work,
Instrument (software) converting Urdu script into Devanagari.
as you can see in this national benchmarking assessment
That casts your decision in doubt,
Do you want to continue, ignoring these packages?
Select folder to save all attachments
Men, women, young people, old people -
Could not find the volume: %s
Nature 's catalogue - how large is it ?
And you know, that part of life needs everything
An image could not be created
Cannot parse search expression: %s: %s
And anyway, there was never enough kerosene,
Tried to change read-only property.
That makes a good cartoon.
Jump to the Accessible Login dialog
In January 2005, between South Africa and England
My circle began back in the 60s
Could not edit imported connection
Set group of '%s' to '%s'
List of Destinations for publishing
These ancient buildings are found abundantly in new sub-urban areas.
little girls were supposed to be kind and thoughtful
And we'd know that we had a real rhythm going.
I wish for you to stand up
ignoring the specific and unique circumstances in a given village,
At first, it's very unintuitive,
And they have a fight and an argument because,
Ab Tumhare Hawale Watan Saathiyo
Please choose a new PIN.
It is difficult work but is finally getting underway .
In Shrotyagya this Hritvik has four groups.
Height of text selection handles
Unwritten books predicted the future, projected the past.
is it plans what we call a minimum snap trajectory.
The other two spoken languages are Hindi and English.
to show that you are an engineer.
Changed block %s to new alias name
Bookmark the selected history link
and we will have click-through purchases of offsets.
as we're weeping softly into our pillows.
but beyond that, you couldn't do anything.
you've all heard about how sustainable development
Use a long listing format
So he's getting citizens to check on them.
Enabled only for high-DPI displays
Stiffness appears in different parts of the body .
So we worked with a company
Authentication is required to modify the laptop brightness
who sailed to west Africa in 1561,
It profoundly altered my life
The audience can talk back.
Subscribe to a new Podcast Feed
DELETE failed with HTTP status %d
and we can ask it to predict the missing symbols.
Set this to the logical button mapping.
Failed to match '%s' in regular expression: %s
Could not add the files to the archive
But he went on , relentlessly :
alternatively complaints should be made to
They're good at tapping into
Cats were watching other cats watch this video.
History of the United Kingdom
The type of checksum used for files
of exports as a percentage of GDP,
Comment on this item <s> Name
Why shouldn ' t they write to me ? ”
Quit GNOME Do - come back soon!
was addressing the issue of ethnicity,
Packages that will never be upgraded
Sri Rama Chandra Charita Manas - Sundara Kand
and disappeared over the ice floes, shit knife in belt.
Ramcharitmanas is generally referred to as Tulsi Ramayan.
They had one camel left over.
shares an important property of language.
We will never break the dialogue .
Assign all the users belonging to this class
how many cattle got poked with the prodder,
The disc in “%s” is not supported.
Repose is a natural process and it is not harmful
of the Islamic Revolution -
Error: Timeout %d sec expired.
let them see you reading and writing
because science deals with facts,
Then a man approached .
President, the main person of the country.
It was best Narendra did not marry.
the things all around us in our daily lives.
is a continent of many countries, not one country.
at the end of about two years,
Should seniority alone be the criterion in promotion ?
My students produced these info-graphics
Non-resident Indian and person of Indian origin
collecting rents and service charges ;
Turn off beep on error.
And we're good at it.
Put the cursor at the bottom of replies
Choose one or more media file to open
Have you: Needed help for at least 6 months?
Render height has to be 480 pixels for DV-NTSC!
but that's why there are no immortal species.
when hanuman reached ashokvatika, ravan was threatening sita.
Import Bookmarks from HTML File...
So these two devices, DriveGrip and SpeedStrip,
Today I have just one request.
The time is always right to do what is right.
National Museum of Natural History, New Delhi
how many people are eager to write,
Fame as a teacher did not interest Shuddhodhana .
watching the people going to work,
He understood and laughed .
Note: may limit resolution options
A collection of great Hindi poetic works.
Once it stabilizes that, it lifts a foot,
%{FILENAME} may change your Chromium settings.
He took her love and devotion for granted .
This is world's largest democracy.
List of World Heavyweight Champions (WWE)
Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited
So the idea of an open architecture, an open knowledge,
and bother to ask the losers
to buy a second system to do their full quarter-acre.
is intelligent risk takers -
Choose 'Run/All' from the menu to run the import.
Could not leave network “{0}”
Can't use -all-dirs with -get or -set
Contention in support of parliament government.
List the installed (non-relocatable) schemas
thinking about the things that actually matter.
It's always about my taste.
and was rejected by all seven.
She should be gentle and mild in temperament .
I tried to look at
Aye Mere Watan Ke Logo
There were now many similarities between the two .
You are not allowed to delete this survey!
So here's a food web,
that is, galaxies and stars and so forth.
Here we have three perfectly imaginable physical objects,
And that is a circumstance
Adobe Reader Out Of Date
Rahat Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan
Pure Mandhra of vedhas are told in this.
Could not parse alpha value “%s” in blended color
The first meeting between these two men was decisive .
Adjusts saturation level of the picture coming from the webcam
of Africans being similar to her, in any way.
Higher rates of population growth (so called “”youths bulges“”).
Proxy protocol '%s' is not supported.
The base of Indian culture is the Vedas.
is we decide that something's relevant or important,
who used electric jolts to facial muscles
2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami
Parsed value ‘%s' is not a valid D-Bus object path
that always makes way for music. (Laughter)
number one on the best-seller list for 20 straight weeks.
It is 60 feet wide and 80 feet tall.
And it had fuzzy zebras walking across the stomach,
and I saved his wife's life as well.”
Does Abdel-Hafiz sympathize with or support militant Islam?
M. J. P. Rohilkhand University
Whether we should smooth the data in the graph.
So people that society once considered to be disabled
that turns out to be really inconvenient.
It's actually about humpback whales.
Number of errors while reading from a disk
The correct answer is {0}.
Download all files in this response as a zip file
They will switch from one country to another,
is an idea that Bill Gates, Howard Buffett and others
Width, in pixels, of the focus indicator line
And I started watching Kaki King a lot,
There are too many appeals .
It was also accepted as legal.
The motion to the Parliament.
VLC's implementation of Video On Demand
But he proved to be incapable.
Could not create folder '%s': %s
Evolution CSV or Tab (.csv, .tab)
And India wants to be a knowledge society.
Premchand's writing was unique in terms of literature.
Do n't wear slippers all day .
Displays a list of paragraphs.
And they're scientific models? (Laughs)
Diwali means truth wins and always lights up
This cancer can usually be prevented before it develops.
used his control over land and forest licenses
You can't do it on stage.
and you can see them there - little pluses.
which is a metaphor for a place of perspective,
Actually the fact that art cannot change things
Make a comment on your choice here:
No format for the temporary image could be found
List of Governors-General of India
I think they very well might have said,
Kusum told her name .
Item Sources providing all items GNOME Do knows about.
quiet - changing owner and permissions does not return errors
India main city is - Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkatta, Chennai, Banglore.
if you're not managing your own finances well.
A Tale of Two Cities
and we have them work with city governments.
die a year from diarrhea,
Occurrences when an extension was disabled
And sound places us in time as well,
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment,
Its incomplete without the stuffed bholi on monday pooja.
Remove completed, canceled and failed file transfers from the list
Contact SCODA for more details .
If true, show the temperature next to the weather icon.
Active devices for the RAID${LEVEL} multidisk device:
Subscribe or unsubscribe to folders on remote servers
one of the rare survivors.
She has a proclivity to assume the worst.
the idea that you can move your listening position
1. Pink city as the capital of Rajasthan state is
around the world than any specifically government activity.
Whether the timer is currently ticking
Access all known media files on your device
Minimum width for blocks that fill the bar
They constitute an indivisible whole .
It followed up its success by other useful acts .
A . This is a challenge .
So, like Snoopy, we can't just lie there
And people could never get their bags up it.
Options to use when unlocking the device
of over-cultivation of silk worms,
not exactly all that enthusiastic
There were a couple of examples here.
In south this ends with Arabian sea
Italian soldiers, on tours of four months;
North American Free Trade Agreement
and that it's a darn good thing.
Amendments of the Election Modes, India.
like - I chair the advisory boards to McDonald's,
The knowledge held here is used by researchers globally .
Highest centuries in test cricket(47)
And here every piece is very well planned.
Impossible to split more than one song at a time
Indian Constitution on internet (in Hindi and English)
In Kuran there is discussion about 4 other books.
Mumbai is the birth place of Indian cinema.
To them , he is the “ other ” .
- François de La Rochefoucauld
Arya Samaj in South Africa
If DBUS inhibit requests should be ignored.
So she goes like this.
Regional Institute of Education, Bhubaneswar
Select all the text in the terminal
“ A mushroom ! ”
Now I'm on my seventh year sustaining against
Microsoft Inidak Language input tool(Beta.
Manage the shares offered to others
because every spiritual path I know of
List of airports by ICAO code: M
WAV, AIFF, and other uncompressed types
and I pasted it in Southern Italy,
You have the Caps Lock key on.
Darken background when scaling windows
that keep you from properly riding in the bike lane.
who were able to say consistently
Turkey eggs take 28 days to hatch .
people saw their loved ones die from diseases they thought
Remembrance of her is the remembrance of Indian culture.
They filled three sacks .
I'm showing here Venus, Earth and Mars -
which are used as a fuel.
The Green boat has won
Remove the selected item from the toolbar
Failed to parse saved session file: %s
Marital strife often leads to divorce and broken families.
What types of things are our specimens ?
Training for a professional or specialist qualification
1996 Paris Open - Doubles
in the borders between the different images,
(“A cheese sandwich is all you need for strong decision-making”)
Choose phrases from the back, without moving the cursor
Department of the Environment, Transport and the Regions Zone 1/J4
Beep if key is rejected
28 . You should send :
Nehru also sloped his family according to Mahatma Gandhi's preachings.
So you're getting feedback on those teacher views
Error launching migrate dialog: %s
Was it worth while , I wonder ?
You cannot copy a folder into itself.
That is the secret of the language
Founding Fathers of the United States
and go to a city, looking for a job.
Change the properties of this folder
Until one day in ninth grade,
Fallen nations do not rise without a miracle .
There's this thing, militarization of the world,
Those Kings got better positions in Akbar's Durbar.
of the way there on this goal,
Secondarily, we wanted to see if we could export
Graph color for nice-related CPU activity
Error while spawning nautilus: %s
Premchand is the most popular literature writer in Hindi films.
Fordyce's sports this will happend the real one
It was definitely written before 1000 BC.
And it ignores the fact that, in the meanwhile,
Sorry, the program “%s” closed unexpectedly
How the timeline should compute the progress
Prayer (Harti) of Ganga at Varanasi.
well that's when we end up doing things
I was raised in a country that has been destroyed
You would always be told about this in advance .
This is a close-up of the Buddhist monastery.
Are you sure you want to permanently delete “%B”?
The caravan moved toward the east .
And no matter what country you live or work in,
Digitally sign messages when original message signed (PGP or S/MIME)
I was very lucky to grow up in a family
For The Gambia Our Homeland
A few days ago it was n't possible .
Are you sure you want to delete this task?
In the South this variation is little less.
And I will never close my doors to anybody .
How to find out more
The guest lets himself in and finds a seat .
{0} joined the network {1} and {2} other network
List of airports by ICAO code: K
bending in a very awkward posture,
An evaluation Jawaharlal Nehru (1889-1964)
it is perfect for offline work after downloading.
Salaam-e-Ishq: A Tribute to Love
Akbar appointed Governors to all these States.
Trigger shortcut keys for gtk_accelerator_parse
There was an error writing to the CD: %s
can't write user configuration file.
He could not guess .
And it's great, because they suck carbon.
See here : town in India
One example is aspartum .
The size and position of the window on the screen.
Show the version of the program.
and continue with our quest to find out
This was the main-page of this organization.
I said, “No, use the method of the grandmother.”
Fluid is discharging from the bullock's eye.
If you see somebody in the blue -
in this part relate the paragraph and complete it
But I was not reassured .
One diffrent activity this activity is no harmful toall
“Can you believe someone climbed a tree over there,
Flowers will arrive by the truckload.
and I had no idea what this building looked like,
in a country like Ethiopia,
the frame was still there.
you can see that different parts of the structure
must have made self-portraits from time to time.
Bookmark '%s' cannot be removed
a variety of compositions depicting Human pity and Indian spirit.
Failed to create a Tracker connection: %s
Error setting interface startmode: %s
How many of you have ever had that experience?
Come , now ! <s> Yawn again !
And you wouldn't believe it,
And when they were about five and six,
Bhermergeet of Soor, is its nice example.
They teach them to go work in corporations.
from where they are to where they need to be?
If YES to both, claim Council Tax Benefit.
Is common to point to an upward angle
Fax no: 0114 259 4073
Warning (%s line %d): %s
Provide actions for common mailing list commands (subscribe, unsubscribe...).
'%s' is not a valid UUID
You can see it in the upper left-hand corner.
A: - Adhosh “”H“” (free breathing) for
I deserve the education that I get here.
Element <%s> is not allowed inside a distance/border/aspectratio element
gandhiji used to reside at manibhavan in mumbai.
Not enough free disk space
One dose of amphetamine can last three to four hours.
came to the start line,
Was it just chance ?
and we set it free in the desert.
<b>%s</b> has published meeting information.
Display notification when a member leaves
Copy (reflink/clone) between mounts is not supported
well, it exists far beyond the shores of countries
Switch to the previous tab
For instance, there are 21 states in our country
But January 2002 has been quiet .
Jump to the Keyboard Accessibility dialog
Failed to create ran once marker dir %s: %s
Your name and address ;
with so many thousands, or maybe millions of books online,
Department of Ayurveda, Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homoeopathy
A . She did not take any money .
&Open Video in New Tab
they kind of chose suspicion.
Keyboard shortcut to switch to tab 4
politics is about your side winning at all costs.
that the proud denizens of an ancient culture
And you have people who guide those computers
This function is not implemented for widgets of class '%s'
The school however did not run for long .
6. God born time to time for protection of religion.
This is situated at a height of 1372 meter .
India could get the first engineering college
She lives with all of that insecurity,
that would directly lead them towards their goal,
Synchronize Gnote Notes to a WebDav URL
Present globe changes are the reason for anichith.
Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad
Plant breeding and genetics contribute immeasurably to farm productivity.
who lives and works here in the state of Karnataka,
Create new file '%s' from template
often rumors re raised on global warming
Cannot display graphical console type '%s'
though that has some Hindu elements somewhere.
Enter password for default keyring to unlock
%s wishes to add to an existing meeting:
Please check the spelling and try again.
Only numbers may be entered in these fields
2. the wrong uses of it is on grow
Edit answer options for this question
Unable to open target file for writing
Complete your Launchpad Login Service registration
Abul fazal (1551-1602) has written dwon history of Akabar era.
The public fund of India.
This has a wing-span of 190 mm .
Don't show this warning again
Protein feeds , especially animal proteins are expensive .
Whether the group has been collapsed and items are hidden
that the span of a players smile
Rs 35,000 for overstaying in his official residence .
These women and those young men
The color cannot be installed.
Force images in HTML mail to be loaded
Third pavilion from south is Khaas Mahal.
The females are fair milk-yielders .
Someone who has seen the death of a single child
He grow up together and remains friends life long.
Failed to find user '%s'.
The Health Service Ombudsman for England
This innovation is from the slums of Rio.
the idea coalesced around, let's make this a park,
Project check replaced missing audio data block file(s) with silence.
Enter the password for the archive '%s'.
%s: Got REQUEST from banned host %s
He heard a very different story.
Not against the basic structure of Constitution
“Kill me now, if you wish,” he said,
Research is progressing very rapidly in this direction .
Once that trust was built,
and a teacher and a pilot.
and do online purchases in any online store.
And what we ultimately want to do
He resigned in 1926 blaming non-cooperation from British officials.
Great Hymn to the Aten
%{IDS_SHORT_PRODUCT_NAME} is Out of Date
Some are often remembered , others fall into oblivion .
so many of us all.
“ What about you ? ”
Please check at least one item.
which are are sealed together.
it's also - if you look very closely
They're using Pragmatic Chaos now.
And if we could do that,
even in their most ordinariness.
to help engineer tissues in a more modular, scalable way.
We have a fully autonomous vehicle
How do we develop these kinds of ideas?
He is poet to be continued
so I'm not talking about statistic now -
Reverse sort order in new windows
You had to do everything to get your phone.
The username cannot start with a '-'
Business Team 6 (Employers U-Z)
One or more gods are worshiped in every temple.
As per Muslim ritual mosque should always shine.
can be leveraged to our interactions with the digital world.
and for human beings. That's what kept -
is to provoke the senses and ignite the imagination.
Failed to get attributes of file '%s': fstat() failed: %s
He was indifferent to it all .
You must be authenticated to move documents and folders.
Error: signal must be the fully-qualified name.
The secret is here in the present .
PATH An (optional) resource path (may be partial)
W B Utus & Aukly Digin(1968)
The hard thing is this:
Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor
Could not delete network “{0}”
Currently in use: %u blocks containing %s bytes total.
But when he reached the mountain peak,
boil Bengal gram seeds and mix with Jaggery
They were all holding their photo as a statement.
Abroad Indian restaurants are preferred for eating out.
This is called Muslim Agricultural revolution.
Cannot create folder '%s': folder exists.
What would happen now ?
Some ideal characters of Ramayana, publisher and printer: Geetapraess, Gorakhpur
Invitation to participate in a survey
Mulla Jada Mulla Assamudin Ebrahim was appointed
which is important for India and important for the world.
And that means it's harder for us to pay attention
Both armies won the Andaman and Nicobar Island.
Not before the damage was done .
Vedavyas wrote and re-wrote the puranas
subpattern name is too long (maximum 32 characters)
Ahonen, Casper and Melco, 3G marketing 2004, ISBN 0-47085100-7
The boy was getting irritated .
List of Carnegie libraries in Canada
What was the best to do ?
Default list of columns visible in the list view
Only libavformat.so|libavformat.so*|Dynamically Linked Libraries (*.so*)|*.so*|All Files (*)|*
the U.S., the oldest democracy in the modern world,
What I haven't told you is that
to healthcare, water, housing, alternative energy,
And so, we can't really look
Failed to load image %d from file '%s'.
the worship of something transcendent. A god,
and they have many children per woman.
and the negative energy in them?
which was not very nice.
So I think I'll just finish up
Mirabai is the chief poetess of Lord Krishna disciple branch
and can speak candidly to one another.
A module named %s is already loaded
Cannot kill process with pid %d. Operation is not implemented.
Books alone, books written by lone individuals,
Their demand was that they had been ruling for years.
Read strip %s rather than %s!
Choose a certificate to present as identification:
Category : People of Bangla
Could not rename emblem with name '%s'.
Invalid UTF-8 in long description for schema
Kabir Literature : Samskuta Chintan (Madumathi)
Child process killed by signal %ld
5. Declaration an expenditure as weightage on Indian accumulated fund
The file chooser dialog to use.
There were eight hundred delegates .
Premchand was the most famous writer of Hindi film industry.
And as you all know,
Both sides of spandrels of arch.
spends for NASA's manned spacecraft work.
India of course wants a big change today .
But if you want a more stylish version
Out of this agony of darkness came Divine Light .
Visited Chungking -LRB- China -RRB- in August-Sept . 1939 .
We'd all seen matches in Kolkata,
Create audio CD from playlist?
♫ That's a good estimate with well-defined error bars ♫
Retrieving quota information for '%s'
Not connected to the internet.
worked the entire 45 minutes, on average,
to use their skills for good.
Whether the invisible character has been set
initgroups () failed for %s
that he could use it, not for snow,
the list of american presidents
looks appetising and tastes good ;
Learn How To Use The Quick Add Entry
Remove the Restart item from the session menu
Aadam is called Adam in Islam.
'%s' is not a valid name: '%c'
A scene of Taj Mahal from Agra fort.
The highest or active group
tens of millions of users
” One never ought to listen to the flowers .
The only way to undo this is to re-install %{IDS_SHORT_PRODUCT_OS_NAME}.
who had good flying qualities by definition.
You may be surprised to know
But the little prince made no reply .
of these very profound religious ideas
Type, module or object keyword
Import/export shopping lists with “OI Convert CSV”.
Warning - don't keep old medicines around the house.
And you would go, “Amen, amen, amen.”
One single measure of spirits
Error opening serial port “{0}”.
We worked with them to really create a design
Error: 'con status': %s; allowed fields: %s
You could read along with them .
Network name is already taken
Mark the selected task as done
Template:Province-level divisions of the People's Republic of China
Force process to finish immediately
List of Prime Ministers of Pakistan
Turn the screensaver on (blank the screen)
India and China have the largest number of cycles.
And seen just recently in late 2008,
My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness.
%s has canceled the following assigned task:
and the precious dog by the front door.
to drive a major renaissance on the continent.
Push it and it becomes house shaped.
There's a very vibrant debate going on on campus now
Are you sure you want to delete the '{0}' task?
Themes have included runs for the environment,
Insert an SD card or USB memory stick
Local stores do not have an inbox
Couldn't initialize PKCS#8 decoder: %s
the human race, walking around holding, carrying or wearing supercomputers
And it's a great honor
Show usernames on login screen
or because there are no telescopes available to do it.
The red line is showing an automated version
just barely walking and talking,
And that doesn't seem entirely fair.
It is know as the language of God.
I'm telling you where I'm insecure.
Password required for share %s on %s
The position of the image relative to the text
The shortcut “%s” is already used for: “%s”
Shri Ramcharitamans - Uttar chapter
Ask him/her to see his/her status (pending)
as compared with 48 percent in India.
Select previous window without showing the popup window.
This feature is not ready yet
Sharadbabu was second son of Prabahavati and Jankinath.
Fast forward to December 2001 .
New deities and new philosphies emerged
Source file is a directory
Hostname '%s' contains '[' but not ']'
The pattern is arithmetical and works horizontally.
It is usually a passing phase .
At the same time, we also had lots of parents,
Love lights more fire than hate extinguishes.
Load CD-ROM drivers from removable media?
GIF image loader cannot understand this image.
Failed to completely cache the resource
And algorithmic trading evolved in part
The simple thing, the easy thing, is this:
We don't bump into every neighbor,
in the festival navarathiri they put toys on the steps
Nobody knows where they are.
Note: Some changes will not take effect until restart
and if it were, life would be incredibly boring.
and of course, the ever-present media
St Mary's Roman Catholic Church, Monmouth
that I found my place in the society.
Disable gesture requirement for media playback.
set clear standards of service ;
Health is not valued till sickness comes.
Its importance is more than time of boundary
actually makes us feel better -
Error: Could not allocate memory.
and welcomed as a gift.
And for the sake of brevity,
Thankfully , the Dynasty was in a to-be-or-not-to-be mood .
File that will be used to configure the projectM module.
And the amazing thing is these guys were flying.
What the mind can conceive, it can achieve.
It means it's determined and effective,
are perceived to be greater than anonymous risks -
so there is no exploitation.
.Under act Jalasaji, such farmers are scrutinied
This is some mathematicians at MIT.
Life is a right, not collateral or casual.
I thought it was 12 years.
The children came rushing, said, “What's all this?”
If You are Dissatisfied with Your NHS Services
And he called the two of them to his office.
you seem to be one with him.
I started seeing hundreds and thousands of women and children
If you delete a network, it will be permanently lost.
Mount Nimba Strict Nature Reserve
Send your video to picture files
There are stories you tell from stages.
and today there's an additional one billion people out there
and praise - tell her when she's been successful.
The original sketches are drawn over deer skin .
Roti Ki Keemat (1990 film)
from a prison to an ashram through education.
“How would you feel if,
Yves Behar: And in scenic Switzerland for me.
is that you, the passengers,
So this is about potty training -
Merit of Prime Minister Government
This is Google Walking Maps.
Enable support for Portable Native Client.
Can't find current position in file '%s'
Failed to create '%s': %s
there are typical types of individuals that spring to mind.
In 1975 they grew by 1.5 per cent .
Could not restore the display's configuration from a backup
Eastern Time - Indiana - Switzerland County
He has finished this tour by walking in the hills.
only when you teach perspectives
is the locus of absolute being,
Failure to carry out repairs 6
Series: Poets of Devotional Era
well you make a triangle.
“ Let me go ! ”
atharva means meaning rectifyingor making without mistakes
What do they look like?
this idea that a sustainable city is covered in greenery.
Mark as default memo list
And this caused me to scratch my head, because
and this is actually - you can barely see it,
those fees aren't bad, they're okay,
Move window to west (left) side of screen
India at the 1972 Summer Olympics
The political conceit of the Congress century .
is we need to face the truth
Full-hand method for milking should be practised .
Presentaion of Vaidik chant,Mantra,Vaidik Religious and mythic stories-One weekly Podcast.
While awaiting this the individual should :
So in a way, by studying a woman,
We are all very good at suspending our disbelief.
You understand that you can prepare,
So for example, I pasted the photo of the minaret
The intake of vitamin C is satisfactory.
but whose streets we can't walk.
Delete these files from camera?
of feeling very right about everything.
sair urja also face many difficulties
and water that's going out of our houses
Whether the widget responds to input
through their so-called propaganda, or mainstream media,
Corrupt data in configuration source database
mount doesn't implement “eject” or “eject_with_operation”
This is what I have found:
He might marry her .
Always ask me what to do.
Narada' s mythological story, poem sentences are about 25,000 numbers
Folder '%s' is not empty. Not deleted.
I would want to quit,
They also attained Bodhi in few days
Sex to male fabric insert the penis is pussy
Invalid IV length (must be at least %d).
Acumen came in with the patient capital,
Professor Mahaveer Sharan script : Achievements of Kabir
Allow %{PRODUCT_FRAME_NAME} to handle the following content types
Can't pass document URIs to a 'Type=Link' desktop entry
No printer found. Please install a printer.
The boy listened quietly . <s> And fearfully .
Enter a header text for scale B
you've got the tabloid newspaper.
Length of the cursor blink cycle, in milliseconds
essay:part of collections(1952),thoughtful essays(1952).dedication of an artist and other essays(1962),sankalpita(1969)
Encrypt all synced data with your own sync passphrase
This is where I started my career as a professor,
Display part as enriched text
Click 'Work Online' to return to online mode.
So I couldn't figure out
But we did it. You know why?
This process runs under the supervision of Internet service provider.
fast enough and accurate enough so he can drive?
And my parents were part
There is already a class with this name
National Anthem of the Islamic Republic of Iran
they will invite back Al-Qaeda,
Cannot create CMS Enveloped data
Failed to resize memory output stream
Error introspecting unknown summary field '%s'
Check for updates when running on battery power.
as much as 90 percent.
or this, when someone went onto Google
The Evolution memo has quit unexpectedly.
History of science and technology in China
But deft handling can prevent such populist gimmicks .
We live in a world in which
We did a written exam today .
Join and create local networks over the Internet
Has India become rather stoic ?
But the war once again clinched the issue .
You don't have the needed external application to handle it.
things like power always on
The door swings open, and the voice says,
And now Chimmanakatti has wrought marital disharmony .
Enable notifications when the chat is not focused
That's the distance between us and Andromeda, right?
well that's going to probably remain locked away
Write to the Department of Trade and Industry (DTI) at:
the VPN service did not start in time
Spare devices for the RAID${LEVEL} multidisk device:
Therefore as India and Pakistan, as you and I,
and economic development and security,
So in my 12 years of wisdom,
And yet, despite everything going really well for John,
Prefers a limited campaign with the widest global consensus .
Failed to find an installer ISO image
who gives off ambiguous, contradictory,
Let me first grade what are the most important means.
So how come [this is] something that everyone uses
%s: Could not bind socket
This has its headquarters at Taiwan.
The cricket ground can have many different shapes and figures.
1992 Canadian Open - Men's Singles
keeping family size. And in the '80s now,
Your local Victim Support Scheme is:
Appeals, Allegations and Post-Issue Checking Team
I collect stories; that's what I do.
So let's see what's really going on here.
He 's lucky he met Lucky .
Then we can open the book
Bookmark where am I with respect to current position.
The cell renderer represented by this accessible
word knowledge compatible with unicode 'english<->hindi' dictionary (offline)
And we think we can make refrigeration
This one doesn't smell so good.
to see all these Egyptians completely changing.
But Fernandes cannot afford to rest on his laurels .
Goes to previous large object.
because one thing we're working on
He left without saying good-bye to the crystal merchant .
Use this if you are not filtering any mailing lists.
Taj Mahal is unique model of Mugal architecture.
It may have built a road, and that road
and then farther down, in tiny 10-point font
what we need to think of
And that makes failure seem much more crushing.
Like if a kid loves race cars,
Swatantar Chetna - A renowned newspaper of Northern India.
This is a picture of me and my three children.
This kind is called Arya .
Wire.send() has been renamed Wire.write().
take cartoonists from all sides
and she would get revenue.
The good news is that technology is making it possible
Gandhiji took fifteen minutes to read his statement .
Whether the locationbar should be visible for the window.
And right on top of the nearest coconut tree,
%s requests the assignment of %s to the following task:
Al-Biruni concludes by observing that , -RSB-
2003 Monte Carlo Masters - Singles
Whether entered text overwrites existing contents
Word Beads: Hindi -> English Dictionary Hindi English Dictionary
Somebody that might even be super-abled.
Error code %u when downloading: %s
Unable to create folder “%{FOLDER_NAME}”. %{ERROR_MESSAGE}
to achieve a realistic result.
And because the engineers that I've worked with have
Indian states ranking by fertility rate
User authentication required for wired network connection '%s'...
on the banks of a river called the Indus,
Almost like a ghost, isn't it, huh?
side effects of metabolism that cause pathology in the end,
This does not mean that one causes the other.
Now, in a way, I've got some bad news,
Formulaic uprating would not satisfy this requirement.
Sunni is an important Stream (way) of Islam.
%s: Execution of custom command failed: %s
Move failed, item exists: “$1”
United Provinces of Agra and Oudh
If you quit Terminal, this process will end.
and then achieve financial recovery as well.
At Himalaya there are some important religious places situated.
where people can go back very far without that experience.
that men's violence against women is at epidemic proportions,
Allocated during whole lifetime: %u blocks containing %s bytes total.
and that we've neglected because of certain mis-founded ideas.
No bookmark found for URI '%s'
good working conditions in the family.
Search engines added by extensions
They grew together and remain friends forever.
You do not have sufficient permissions to delete this mail.
But the new tribe is dismissive .
The page increment of the adjustment
Data source is missing a [%s] group
John Richard learnt about kindness and all in Srilanka.
So again the robots monitor this error
“%s” is not a valid value for focus attribute
“%s” is not a valid accelerator
Entry in independence war and work
3 laws till 7 any advice
The day , the hour .
“Wow, we've arrived somewhere in the world, you know?
where different innovations will go to
One of the early religio-philosophical movements in Islam .
The mediator is from [unclear], India.
Mumbai Police comes under the state home ministry.
And if we have another eight billion
Didn't understand ‘%s' (expected integer)
Your council can tell you more.
it's about when do you have to reach there?”
for one moment the capacity of the people he's leading
GTD,sucessor for terrorisy gnan uper
Unexpected attribute '%s' for element '%s'
Cooperation with British imperialism .
men don't know the difference
Privileges are required to renice process
Where have they taken them to ?
Koran itself has invited Muslims to understand and think over.
but really, enormous amounts of our energy use
This is what Honey Bee Network is about.
generalize them, pour billions and trillions of dollars into them,
Enable or disable magic space bar
because the knowledge of truth is within every human being.
From 1933 until 1936 Subashbabu stayed in Europe
These primitive - Indo - European language match too much
In all, it is like this:
which are never brought into the mainstream -
New Year - Dvashamans: Sanvtstar:
Mathsya Puran (Mathsya means shape of fish)
having human resources than they are economically.
Foreign Travel of Ram Story
” Not at all .
that probably Hollywood and MTV and McDonalds
Can't get and set/unset simultaneously
Import Outlook Express messages from DBX file
Why? Well there's only a few diseases
You'll find them in your telephone directory. <s> FOR PLAYWORK
I 'm the man . ' ”
“What we do together that we can't do alone.”
there's some things even further,
as many people think it should.
Failed to finalize decryption of the private key: %d.
You cannot be in favor of your own values,
Hindu, Jain,Buddhist and Sanskrit names are based on O
and I now had four rollers.
See page 23 for how to complain .
Failed to create registry entry for '%s' files.
Display Instant results (Instant Extended is local-only).
Determine the amount of money to the Consolidated Fund
File for default configuration for RandR
and suddenly pain and sorrow.
Hajrath Alsi told, remember, I have heard from almighty Allah
KBS: And because of that,
Foreground color as a GdkRGBA
The cows are fairly good milk-yielders .
Now, what we need to think about
because it's something we don't want to hear.
If they worship Lakshmi stores
You need something like tens of megatons of water -
And that's a backdoor which will take over your computer.
as you guys have now heard seven million times,
utter pradesh is very popular city.
Chroma which the base image will be loaded in
having already completed the survey
In his(/her) memory, a big statue has been built.
Folder path field is empty.
Display window buttons with icons only
Could not open converter from '%s' to '%s'
Grandma said, “No, no, no, no.
2. Banking services employment revision act 1978
Such bowlers reach great heights and achieve international fame .
Haetnorrhagic septicaemia is a highly infectious disease .
I 'll take care of that . ”
Session convened by President's communique
This is how you reach people.
They laugh him off. You don't laugh him off.
Records of the Grand Historian
Any puckering or dimpling of the skin .
But there's a solution: you build a toilet.
Then why didn ' t they write ?
mining industry for Singapore -
Could not load WiFi security user interface; missing WiFi setting.
got to build things with people on the ground,
A Childminder Start-up Grant will help with your set-up costs.
Number of minutes before timeout occurs and safe is locked
Constitution part 5 value based rights
Abdul Fatah Al-Sisi announcing Morsi's removal from office.
So we're seeing a rise of this availability
Today, they are no longer being written
because to show that you truly care,
and removed a democratically elected leader,
Neither will New York . Nor America .
that's what it looks like.
The Great Boat of Tama Rereti
They have to drill holes in the ice,
which are always indifferent to rationality.
number1 + number2 = {0}
He was a contemporary of Sikander Lodi.
Capitalization style set to icon.
even at just a small level.
entrepreneurs to create standardized jobs in companies,
Higher level qualification in Playwork include:
Dhansak (something related to cooking)
<b>%s</b> has sent back the following meeting response:
suddenly gets enriched with all of that data,
The network address could not be understood
to the shape of the future passenger,
All the accused who stood trial were young .
She goes on over Skype and she sorts things out.
Where to get help and advice
were just another author on the best-seller list.
towards something quite a bit more idyllic,
No one said, “Get him a coach in speaking.”
They sometimes store grain in it.
they don't know what to do with these kids.
APPLICATION [URI…] - launch an APPLICATION with URI.
It kills 26,000 people a year in England .
with local agriculture from small farmers,
What can you do ?
old Cuban man from Camaguey.
I'm not saying they're broken.
Paid for up to 18 weeks
16. Practical examples of what can be done include:
The call sent the ministry into a tizzy .
to hear about the tragedy, pain
once you learn how to look for them.
I grew up in a log cabin in Washington state
This folder does not exist
Configure extension, app, and user script install sources
Sent a cancelation notice to the delegate
Swantantra Varta (Independent Words): Leading daily from south India
or it can lead to a demographic disaster.
We can change things, but we have to actively change.
If I crank the handle, all the wool goes inside.
Better no law than laws that are not enforced.
Warning: the following images cannot be accessed on your system.
Don't start a new instance of Rhythmbox
In India Uttar Pradesh has the highest population
The body is long and ribs well-sprung .
because there were no trained pilots
Search for sender photograph only in local address books
Now this was about building a robotic car
Why? Because it makes a lot of sense.
There is a temple dedicated to revered Ganga
1- The regulation of the parliament
Recommendations are made for the conduct of future reviews.
This activity is not playable, just a test
The contact data is invalid:
Move window to workspace 11
The page size of the adjustment
Dainik Navjyoti- Hindi daily from Rajasthan (Unicoded)
How to install and remove software in Ubuntu.
And it is important to prove
Please insert 25 cents to log in.
that could supply the chemical energy
Press F2 through F10 for details, or ENTER to ${BOOTPROMPT}
a mining industry that is in harmony with nature.
The document contains only empty pages
1) Sanskrit, the world's most Purani book (Vedas) language
Some features may not work properly with your current server
But combined in a certain way,
after this pakistan's area was being influenced by islam
If only we stopped feeling like victims,
Long distance running was not only good for my well-being
Exceptions below only apply to the current incognito session.
Failed to upload sample: %s
Sync Error: Sign out then sign in again...
So we wrapped this around a blob-like form,
Where would you like to install Kubuntu?
Just wait and go on waiting .
but it earned around 130 million dollars.
Nigeria's telecoms market is the second-fastest growing in the world,
and they played football with her.
Brotherly tempers started to get strained.
Failed to retrieve space info
And back home, what do you see?
Recently government has announced starting of four thup Universities.
the one with Leonardo DiCaprio.
Various memory activities (images, letters, sounds).
%s has been authorized by %s
And can we afford not to? Thank you.
Go to next history item
We're the only ones with jewelry and democracy.
Shri Ramcharitmanas- Balkanda (stories of childhood)
repairs and maintenance; <s> setting and collecting the rent;
You should allow time for this to happen .
television said, “We won't cover cricket
Games played: {0} ({1}% score)
That sort of phallic bit there
Each one thought that the other was a fool.
There has to be a willingness to do good deeds,
I ' ve heard that at the front .
So I don't have a problem with developers making money.
Alaska Time - west Alaska
Diwane-e-khas, the regal personal assembly hall.
What Riyadh Buys [in Washington]
Do you want to allow them to do so?
The idea was simple .
The idea is actually pretty simple.
Man has the freedom to work on this earth.
but they do this every year.
A reading list is available.
List of MIME types for file upload
Ekiga Configuration Assistant (%d of %d)
and then their utter conviction
So did Golconda , Ahmednagar and Tanjore .
there were 6,000 languages spoken on the planet.
and translated it into this.
Illegal path (absolute or relative with '..'): '%{IMAGEPATH}'
Is it suddenly all wrong ?
In my economics classes I got high marks
Views of wise man on sanskrit(in english)
Birthday and anniversary reminder value
that happened there in 2008.
Public opinion was the major sanction behind their authority .
we have focused more on Enceladus.
Anyone of any age can get meningitis or septicaemia .
Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street (2007 film)
It is also called Diwali or Deepawali.
Are you sure you want to delete the network “{0}”?
And no one can get more than $100 a month.
Q: What should U.S. policy be in the Middle East?
“Ben, what happened?” That's what happened.
Show information of the selected input method
This survey is active but has a start date.
turn into the language-bound listeners that we are?
Unable to make version backup
But it turns out, I jumped on a plane,
It's measuring all sorts of things around the car.
Can't export value of unsupported type %d.
At the age of 119 he died at Magahar|
But what I think comes next is far more interesting.
Its shape was too complex now.
4,500 landlines in its entire 30-year history?
On-demand import and waveform calculation complete.
Well I think back to my childhood,
4.This could even be brought against personal state.
You can't have everything. Where would you put it?
Zoom factor “%g” is too large, using %g
is the little town of Gateshead.
Nobody had any control over what was actually happening.
Enter current passphrase used to protect the data
People who are HIV positive
praying to that saint of perpetual availability
Thats why they refused to run away
It may be one of our most ancient human heritages.
What to do about them?
How to claim see page 15. <s> Child support maintenance
The woman was silent for some time .
We reconditioned them all, fixed them.
There are seventeen thousand verses in the “”Karmapuran“”.
the monsoon season arrives between March and October.
Compatible with all systems and devices
- the kind of work you are looking for
Rename for Full Windows Compatibility
Activate Serial ATA RAID devices?
Removed (close it and it'll be gone)
this is marketing, this is politics -
But one of the coolest things in this book
I know intimately that skin you are hitting.
Eastern Time - Kentucky - Wayne County
fasting place of Muslims is called mosque
by people who will exploit your powers, okay.
Gathering information for installation report...
and we stay home even more.
facing the governments in Africa.
take the god's name and read who made this world
-LRB- b -RRB- he is of unsound mind ;
There are also distinguishing qualities specified in the Indian Constitution.
to some of our greatest cultural assets.
Action on title bar double-click
'%s' exited with signal %s: mail not sent.
let alone everything else that she has done
Play a sound when we log out
What has it achieved ?
It is having monopoly over 2000 landlines and cellular services.
GetPropertyCollection called on a generic accessor
Indian states ranking by literacy rate
worked for Save the Children,
grew larger than the GDP of the Republic of Ghana.
Bachchan's complete list of literature
Man's (Giver)convenience.... Man's (Giver)troubles.... Man's (Giver) pleasure
Was done before 2001 or before
And you see this behavior on Amazon
CA: And as you think of your life going forward,
The Charter Mark Awards 1995
DEFINE group contains more than one branch
Silage is nutritious and easily digested by cattle .
You remember he keeps on going up to his uncle
And this one is evolved to mimic
based on the unique characteristics of a specific person
You are logged into Facebook as %s.
They made another machine to produce those people:
Enter password for ftp on %s
1994 Italian Open - Men's Singles
We were four girls and no boys.
Well, it has its pluses and minuses.
So you can't actually see them,
Error creating podcast download directory
Move backward between panels and the desktop immediately
Sent to calendar '%s' as accepted
This leaves it hostage to volatile oil prices .
and this is from an early prototype of Photosynth
Thank you. Thank you very much.
Warning: Something's Not Right Here!
In 1940 the Muslim League passed its Pakistan resolution .
Disk space remains for recording %d hours and %d minutes.
The other spoken languages are Hindi and English.
There are also several religious books.
not because they love the game,
Edit the current image using %s
can even agree on what happened
Change the visibility of this window's main toolbar
You must specify a file name.
it's essentially the ability of a country to attract others
We are liberating U.N. data, some few U.N. organization.
Are we going to seek international mediation ?
what Socrates called “the examined life.”
Gangas's deltas area begins here.
We ' ve always had our meals together .
Auto sync size of actor to underlying pixbuf dimensions
who are very passionate in their belief
and we're going back into the world.
&Open Audio in New Tab
and kids draw their own ideas for glass art.
The selected opacity value (0 fully transparent, 65535 fully opaque)
Home directory of user '%s' is not '%s', ignoring.
You probably won't run out of ideas!
Type Ctrl+Alt+/ or Escape to hide
31 . Are diabetics particularly prone to infection ?
and converts it to digital.
This is 35 K.M from Agra.
If all the answers are yes,
in all of our countries for polio.
and they elect a prime minister.
To clean the cruft, you need to authenticate.
The practice of giving the vaccines separately may be harmful.
Ramayana volumes: Adoptation of Ramayana in other nations.
Access your data on %{WEBSITE_1}, %{WEBSITE_2}, and %{WEBSITE_3}
How to use a crossing
when we were deep in the valley over there.
“ Of course I remember now .
Do you want to replace the disc and continue?
But this is not about religion, it's not about proselytizing.
I type in the ideas, I sketch things out
invited me to be the next Czar of Mathematics,
Oops! There was a problem running this software.
.On regular basis he practice to bowl with left hand.
Rafting trips are organized in the Ganges river.
“ Must you go ? ”
Whether the text can be modified by the user
Preparing delicious food is an art or science.
Mark all messages as read
the priests used to have bread,
or a map of feeding links between species
26 January is celebrated as the republic day in India.
A large wave of riots
that Obama had never shut them down.
for what's variously been called neuro-bunk,
And then you put in some randomness,
and certainly not when they most need it.
Islam has 2 main sects- Shiya and Sunni.
Their specialty was the philosophy of consciousness.
Could not leave network “{0}”
Indian Army during World War I
Is religion let down by politics ?
The tone deaf people, they're no longer here.
and just looking at the thing that's important.
Refting are being organised at the river of Ganga.
when I read that Brazil was defeating hunger
TLS disabled, failed to generate certificate: %1%
Then fixers without even the fig leaves of defence .
mount doesn't implement “unmount” or “unmount_with_operation”
as we might say in English.
Even after centuries Quraan still retained its magic.
Demand for excessive repairs 6
Sam Higginbottom Institute of Agriculture, Technology and Sciences
the number of slogas in Varah puran is 24,000
Copy data from another partition
Change the volume of your soundcard
and then if you ask people where it was,
Why did the sky not fall ?
Couldn't get the current thread pointer
about what's happening in tragic art.
Difference between federation and confederation
No images found in '%s'.
as well as the problem.
Project of History of Indian Science, Philosophy and Culture
Import ingredients of recipes with “Bites”.
Contact SCODA for more details .
They're wearing about 15 kg of clothing and stuff,
Now we're experiencing one every week.
are due to human error
There is no book ancient as this in the world.
The emblem cannot be added.
Could not start pipeline playing
So, you know, you've got to actually do your homework,
So they get it in about 20 minutes
'Veda' is the core of Indian culture.
zoom in and out, etc.
And within that context, we can offer the kids time.
and kick my ass if I don't, okay?”
as a student in the mid '70s,
End of presentation. Press Escape to exit.
So a couple of years ago I started a program
lest we spoil the child:
I have been teaching for a long time,
How to claim see page 15.
Could not read out-of-office state
Datt , R . Palme , India Today .
line selected to end from previous cursor position
Indian Institute of Mass Communication
%{PRODUCTNAME} is using your camera and microphone.
Proceed with installation to unclean target?
Kumbhakarn fail to retreat Ravan from war
There was a time when Stone Age men and women
and I see teachers and musicians, hedge fund managers, designers.
Expecting one fd, but got %d
Unable to display help: %s
List of custom headers and whether they are enabled.
Do you want information about benefits?
“ Could he see you ? ”
Place your right middle finger on %s
is that we live on a planet
Compassion on earth is given, it is in us.
There were too many redirects.
in which innovation is happening everywhere.
Some hardcore Muslims were against his kindness towards other religions.
It was always fun to be with him.
Islam has two major castes - Shiya and Sunni.
India at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Show message preview below the message list
He was awarded “”Novel King“” during his lifetime.
the picture of 1.09.1939 war
Bhelpuri (a popular chat masala)
Designers have understood what women want .
But all these stars are silent .
The keeper of over Rs 10,000 crore deserved it .
Quarto, 215 x 275 mm
How long each photo is shown on the desktop background
Make sure every house is in range of a marketplace.
to live in cloth bags?
with more than nine million people
like a cutout of a childlike drawing
But most people don't agree.
all the characters of ramayan follow their religion.
The selected video was successfully published.
You should claim within 3 months of adopting .
Peoadit.po Language files for Hindi translation is an offline tool.
Also send a copy for offline viewing (%{PAGESIZE})
Number of zones on the top of the screen
Goods on sale in shops will be clearly priced .
based on some comments that were made
Document ended unexpectedly inside an attribute name
Mumbai is in a seismically active zone
Don't you miss all that with these tissue-engineered models?
my parents were really supportive.
The fact is studies show
are 37 times more likely to succeed
and the leaders of Chechnya.
There were errors trying to start the X server.
%{URL} wants to use your computer's location.
on the eastern border of my country,
The height of the mesh, in pixels.
.Thus he helped people coming from Iran.
and they would be connected as A to B immediately.
And because the biggest producers of content on the Internet
Vanity could not contact the webcam. Reason: %s
She could not see their faces .
of all the lovely facilities that I'd mentioned earlier.
Adhyatma Ramayan is the first Ramayan.
Cannot set schema as value
check Income Support see page 11 .
Flag of the Federated States of Micronesia
Cannot kill process with PID %d with signal %d. %s
Open each selected item in a folder window
You have just inserted an Audio DVD.
The movie could not be read.
The ears are long .
Authorizing purchase with the Magnatune server. Please wait...
Move current tab to left
Creating the storage volume may take a while...
Eligibility for nursing and residential homes
You are currently logged in as “%s”.
Do you really want to remove the group '%s'?
The team found ample scope for exports .
was that his family was very poor.
You know, one of the intense pleasures of travel
1 . When to claim
Apply changes in a terminal window
12 million square-feet of development
Your questions on organ donation Answered.
but they're answers to a different question.
go back to the shoes
Click on the white duck
Hope never abandons you, you abandon it.
The document is automatically reloaded on file change.
Moving file %'d of %'d to “%B”
Appearance of the shadow that surrounds the container
What's the difference between a sermon
Bodies were flying like pinballs . ”
which is 730 Nizam block at Allama Iqbal Town.
Space between value text and the slider/trough area
The model for the tree menu
but actually there's no amount of drugs you can take
Select your provider from a list:
Hypnotic, animated spiral Live Wallpaper.
is realized in the brain -
nurses in Accra go on strike.
So I came home from work one night,
DMXAddScreen “%s” failed on “%s”
that the talks weren't put online;
This file is not a LimeSurvey survey file. Import failed.
Mark as default address book
everything is being run by computers.
And I said, “What do you do?”
many of which haven't materialized and never will
You have to specify a source name/index and a volume
really data that, in almost any other field, is expected,
Now you see me thinking
Two thousand and seven, five years ago,
the blue there is India.
The disc in the drive holds data.
that I started creating something called Tinkering School.
are going to basically link together?
The name of the startup program cannot be empty
[Maybe they came with very little]
and we discovered these variations.
List of sovereign states and dependent territories in the Americas
This is a great help to the cricketer .
who believe that the Indus people
not only the physical world.
and his crowning glory was the building
or less - this is going to be very profitable.
Entry with no name in XML file ‘%s', ignoring
Entrance gate of Taj Mahal
“Is this the perfect expression
So we built the first Barefoot College
%(servicename)s message from %(sender)s at %(time)s %(message)s Source: %(url)s
Governments aren't very good at telling stories.
Show the File Systems tab
But in 1936 Shyama died due to TB.
I just put this inside this.
And I think a lot of scientists have this attitude.
Q . What about law and order ?
Could not save the file “%s”
with UNICEF, with the Global Fund,
Take the photos, the portraits,
Survey preview only for administration users
and just a red button
Indian Institute of Technology Roorkee
as we all know, Britney has loomed pretty large lately.
and this is the second level of civil response:
But it is not impossible.
The list of MIME types associated with the request
User declined to provide a password
He was raised by Shuddhodhan's second queen, Mahaprajavati.
Computer will suspend very soon unless it is plugged in.
Golden door is the symbol of beauty in Nepal
The sector-wise targets are indicated in Table . 12.2 :
What was really shocking for me
We're also a species of storytellers.
So I put a small camera over there,
The temple became everything ' to him .
Ignoring schema name ‘%s', invalid: %s
Error setting install media location.
of information scarcity when my grandmother was in school
Certain other tests may be necessary for special cases .
The GtkPageSetup used by default
No install methods available for this connection.
is really the punch line behind this technology,
Adding the files to “%s”
but above all - it must be safe .
but they made them operable for our study.
which were the foundation of Duvalier's strength
this is also found on the hindu temple peak
And within Jewish teachings, the rabbinic teachings, we have Hillel,
Move the open folder to the Trash
They showered frightened questions on him .
if I roughly took the people I interviewed
Netaji named these islands as Shaheed and Swaraj Island.
why that person's driving 40 miles per hour
gave me an insight that
I went to high school in Calcutta.
They all looked like his flower .
Goes to previous radio button.
Wait 5 seconds and capture frontmost window/dialog
So I invite you to explore the opportunities.
What then is the fallacy in Maxwell 's reasoning ?
Create a new all day event
Other transportation efficiency is as important as cars and trucks!
Here they even got the help of the firemen.
European countries today is synonymous with curry Indian Dishes
Mobile telephone numbering in India
1)Rigveda-It is a collection of manthras for 'hothruvargh' a group.
Except these, Parsi,Jain n isahi's important thinkings were also added.
we're kinder and gentler to the people around us,
how do I want men to be acting and behaving?
Require the user to enter this password:
Just think, even when it's cloudy outside,
He welcomed guests even in his poor stage
The text of the label includes XML markup. See pango_parse_markup()
Can you tell me where has it been taken from,
Show display alarms in notification tray
Now, you may be wondering,
Firmware files that should not be searched for
is a lot of room, in my case -
Your notes are now up to date.
In 2001, her life changed.
Hindi-blogs.org - Hindi postal directory
The cpufreq policy to use when on battery power
at this point in human history.
All sex positions are innumerable but some are more famous.
For The Gambia Our Homeland
that keeps this thing that we own
where I get this thing to work.
where it has become very important.
Thaba Hazrad Mohammed friends to see
Look, the world has changed
to have a constructive dialogue
Login required for user certificate.
It means that you think that your beliefs
1. This bench will come under political pressure.
By most standards our health is already getting better.
XML filename ‘%s' is a directory
we don't know what we lose with that language.
For Better Results , Brush and Floss Properly
But we are many more.
Max number of items in the 'Open Recents' submenu.
with my wife and four young children.
Enter a new style name
and it's only in this text
Could not find VPN plugin service for '%s'.
Okay, so what makes people not notice?
There is not enough content available to play this station.
Displays a list of visited links.
Her birth-centenary was celebrated in the year 2007.
He has setup several records in the field of batting.
Schools will introduce these agreements from September 1999 .
I mean, the Internet is international.
Whether the spinner is active
Copying source image, chart data and CIE reference values.
it is indeed the case.
Speaking of indentation and justification disabled.
The window's height in pixels
Use LVM with the new Linux Mint installation
There are eighty one thousand verses in the “”Skandhapuran“”.
a summary of the government's consumer white paper
Unable to make version backup: filename too short
so guests could cluster around the T.V. set,
facilities for people with disabilities ;
in the natural one is committed is the messured one
Live out of your imagination, not your history.
when we try to understand the Indus Valley civilization,
to just those places where they're needed the most.
transforming even the presence of refugees in countries,
Minimum width of buttons inside the box
Please press a key (or a key combination)
and is designed, again, evolved,
Total three types of ministers are there.
On a low income ?
If you want to take the game around the world,
How to position in extra vertical space
Prompt integration options for any website
Select which results to show
because I was a goof-ball that didn't want to study.
of an autorickshaw he once witnessed burning in a riot.
No one has to green-light your idea.
Little and often works well .
(with minor help from George)
Fit the image to the window
No individual was indispensable .
in the central park of the city.
Perhaps nobody saw us , thought the boy .
Now, ironically, what happened was,
In some countries school countries , fighting and national matters
These messages was launched from Adam
We think it is easy money.
These also included 1572 campaign of Gujarat.
Import and export lists and notes with OI Convert CSV.
can act above rule of law.
The Mozilla FireFox browser is based on Sea-monkey (previously Mozilla).
And here's the only picture of Leonardo that's widely accepted.
if they were conscious at all.
Left-click the mouse on an activity to select it.
having only a few copies sold
Again, after having lived for more than 200 years
How do I find out more?
Answers to this survey are anonymized.
or what you don't really see normally,
The current position of the insertion cursor in chars
The final weapon was trade .
So, I started this exploration about eight years back,
GCompris identifies each child, so we can provide child-specific reports.
and believe in the possibilities?
Zoom in on a Range
University of Chicago Law School
They are trying to multiply, I think.
Convert the selected message to a new task
Don't spit, don't do anything wrong,
The idea was to use a computer
He swept away the forest of Khandavprastha.
Revolutionary movement for Indian independence
HindiBlogs.org - Hindi letter directory
where players with beaming smiles
Ciyt Place was once called the Island City.
from the U.S. and the European governments
provide us with all the information that you can .
I remember sometime during the '80s,
Remember, they don't study English.
Use this leaflet as a guide.
visit http://us2.php.net/manual/en/ref.image.php for more information
♫ Oh, what a glorious day ♫
Vivek - A blog on Swami Vivekananda in Hindi
Meaningless key/value pair combination in address entry '%s'
We'll just - we can just skip -
In other words, all sorts of communication devices
I work in Morocco, in Turkey, in Mexico.
No checksum file could be found on the disc
Wants to keep the war alliance intact .
Certificate is the only message, cannot verify certificates
Close Tabs to the Right
that his surprise was my protection.
%d package will be held back and not upgraded
Couldn't decode PKCS#8 file: %s
This is the frontier of India from the north .
Error while opening the calendar
You know, when I grew up in India,
marrying the two most important things in Indian cricket,
In my friend, I find a second self.
The hostname of the URI '%s' is invalid
They are called Streams ('panths')
List of Bhojpuri film actors
The Website Ahead Contains Malware!
Look around - you 'll see them everywhere :
the time of ramyana was called as treta era.
The old man was probably a Gypsy , too .
it's not something you can capture really,
to get to the captain in charge
The truth is very simple .
Tagore wrote approximately 2,230 songs.
terrrist centre international terrorist & securoty centre
Descartes said we need an entire new way of thinking.
And you'll be delighted to hear in 2011, today,
Please contact your system administrator
in the most complex machine of all times -
United Nation recognise the Ten Threaths
Enable or disable type ahead search feature
The duration a printer profile is valid
of just a few people,
Error: There are no answers defined for this question.
SOPA and PIPA, as legislation,
Google Drive cannot be reached. Please try again.
And this is a huge, huge energy savings,
But does it just happen over there?
But he was convinced of this.
Is your health affected in other ways ?
“Move track focus” c&ycles repeatedly through tracks
Format used mostly in Europe
“%s” property cannot be animated
She did not raise her voice again .
Died in Varanasi on January 24, 1937
In Akbar court was various Hindu courtiers,armi officer and peer.
because she figures out what I'm talking about.
Can't handle the supplied version the icon encoding
He explained this meant severe internal bleeding.
Your new password has been sent at
Lalit Modi was on the cover of Business Today.
was demolished by Hindu activists.
What we're interested in is developing robots like this -
%s: Can't fork gdmgreeter process
but certainly not B, C or D, right?
[%s:%u] rlimit not supported on this platform.
which is something that was banned after a long struggle,
which happens to sound just like the word for star.
And I'm choosing to come out
And so then I went back into the research
He decided to spend the night there .
do these people find these two morphologically unrelated plants
she also never said yes.
please suggest a remedy for this disease.
Entry into Nazi Germany and Meeting with Hitler.
No intellectual conception is possible .
when the audience interest changes.
Marwari horses are majestic , noble and handsome .
There's some grooves over here, you can see.
I ' m always going to love you . ”
He and Dad got on well together .
with the time frame that we choose
Edit the original “shadow” file with a text editor.
Ramayana's ideal characters, Publisher and Printer : Geetapress, Gorakhpur
Allow other applications to secure your data with OI Safe.
Raj Ghat and associated memorials
to have open-mindedness, open learning,
PIPA and SOPA are not oddities, they're not anomalies,
System policy prevents modification of the persistent system hostname
The skin also becomes thin and rough .
I took the same concept of mindfulness,
Unexpected characters following option '%s'.
And how do they live?
Are you sure you want to leave the network “{0}”?
to just sit for like 10 minutes
And I love the idea of something hidden.
Sort file list by name
Force aspect ratio to match that of the frame's child
Volume is flat and doesn't support directories
But it is not an adequate definition .
Whether menu items should have accelerators
on groceries and football shirts ; and
1. This does not function within defined time frame.
On that occasion, I found my wife
combines engineering with aesthetics, with the heart.
Only then will politicians see the light . ”
A scum dot is present for media white
the amount of energy as office buildings.
it's a mechanism for rehydrating
that Al-Qaeda would significantly enhance
Display notification when a member joins
“If it works, it works, baby.
That has its separate identity.
Sunni's are Islam's dominant clans.
contents:Omkar Joshi's Indian language words-collection(WYSWYG)
India's major industrial areas are located near main metropolis cities.
you tube faced criticism because of criminal material
Show group name and/or group description
that we learned when we were children
Interval between appearance and disappearance
We are losing our listening.
Unable to get pending error: %s
You can create, open or filter your tasks here
Pakistan became a part of the Delhi Sultanate.
List of Prime Ministers of Nepal
and the past failures of utopian ideals
Select a certificate to authenticate yourself to $1%{HOSTNAME}
that cells are not an abstract concept.
'%(filename)s' was downloaded to your computer.
And then you want to make sure
Mahendra Singh Dhoni or MS Dhoni
From now on we count per capita.
This is the kind of thinking that went into
because we're programmed by evolution to see faces.
And years of therapy later, we're doing great.
{0} came online in the network {1}
Can we all not systematically and consciously
Continue running background apps when %{PRODUCTNAME} is closed
Here there are more Nine Famous Lakes .
They turn then, shoulder to shoulder, and walk away,
there is a small pipe, and from their courtyard.
2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami
And this device makes it possible
And we're discovering with our research,
to hear the sounds of letters
” Not so small that - Look !
Keep the main window on top when playing a movie
constitution part 5th,about planning direction elements
And so we'd buy the date, and we'd go home.
Be safe at home and on the roads
23 . Key changes could include :
Start Haguichi minimized in the notification area
it turns out that there's actually an answer.
Unexpected reply %d from StartServiceByName(“%s”) method
two named subpatterns have the same name
And what you see, something else,
The net earnings slumped in the early thirties .
Do you want to return to the partitioning menu?
Look, you don't live in a wealthy country.
Move window to center of screen
Now, there are many of us who sort of forget
and there are incremental refinements of those breakthroughs.
So there are two things going on.
and now it's a human experience.
You must know , anyway .
A billion people, 1/6th of the world population.
We've seen that ThinkCycle has enabled NGOs in developing countries
All these factors form basis of the Right to Read.
Specify the path of the directory containing the notes.
Half of guys who smoke are impotent.
What are you waiting for?
and the attribute of being compassionate and loving beings.
List of airports by IATA code: N
Cannot find Tuxpaint. Install it to use this activity !
Each district is governed by an appointed district chief.
Viveka - Hindi Blog on Swami Vivekananda
All creator, all the objective, the source of our being,
Please download and install the latest Hamachi version.
between fear and acceptance -
Focus address bar in search mode
Both the names , therefore , had strong votaries .
Atlantic Time - Nova Scotia (most places), PEI
and it was something special.
Compiled by %s on %s (%s)
Terrorism is basically taking an innocent stranger
The problem with the African continent
and had lost nothing in translation.
and they're used in about 120-odd countries.
How shall we describe this ?
ask at their school about getting help
they immediately blame their neighbors? Probably not.
and it has to do some specific thing.
Small Industries Development Bank of India
you are still concerned about consciousness and its changes.
“I read it on the Intersnet. You cannot have children.”
follow in two step is not full fill.
Change the visibility of the side pane
These are the first points to learn.
Bhagat singh was for almost 2 years.
On air quality, American Lang Association of New England.
Make a permanent connection to this server
then you're never really even going
Invalid request URI or header, or unsupported nonstandard parameter: %s
blocked flue to open fire or boiler; 1 day
%s asks the permission to see your presence, saying: “%s”.
display only activities with this difficulty level.
Draw lines and +/- expanders.
that they thought they should use, rather than
THE HEALTH OF THE NATION AND YOU
These are the beautiful waves.
on this day lord rama will Goes on lord Ravana
from being seen as something forbidding
What is the aim of the specific duties?
to have faith in whole nature and creator
OK. So we all think malaria is a bad thing.
Dainik Jagran e - paper
keeps us from preventing mistakes
It says “bon appetit” in Arabic.
In a globalized world, corruption
Spyro the Dragon (video game)
he's a symbolic third side
the actual hard work necessary.
Translation along the Y axis
Send queued items in all accounts
She also organized a meeting for women authors.
in firemen, in climbers, in policemen,
will agree that it's not difficult
You must first select some audio for this to use.
When we grow in spiritual consciousness,
- Confucius, philosopher and teacher
Length of a double click in milliseconds.
There is an elevated are in the garden
because their B.S. meters are good.
Telephone 071 - 928 - 9500 .
This time we covered the roofs of the houses,
liability for accidents to others .
Error: 'dev list': %s; allowed fields: %s
and I've rescued women as old as 40 years.
Sanskrit is the mother of all Indian Languages.
So, he played in Hyderabad, went, straight after the game,
Out of it Shree Ganagasahasranaamastotram and Aarti is famous.
And also, the brine that's produced
make sure your house is properly insulated.
to say “I love you” first,
Connect to Hidden Wireless Network
Are you sure you want to power off the drives?
Printer '%s' is low on paper.
The server does not support the TLS renegotiation extension.
Well, I happened to have been very quick that day,
Most of his compositions are already included in his songs
The custom encoding of the web view
Mulla Asmuddin Abraham was appointed the teacher to Akbar.
Whether the transform property is set
Then leave with the caravan .
Your new right to Compensation for Improvements
Unable to connect to the Internet
There are fourteen thousand verses in the MatsyaPuran.
(edit only when Arduino is not running)
Girl: Thank you ladies and gentlemen.
He took a piece of paper,
Are you sure you want to permanently delete “%s”?
to get the information from the teacher,
Error: Option '-pretty' is specified the second time.
does it need a leader,
the absence of oval is indicated by comma.
A menu to quickly switch between users
why China did better before the late 1990s,
There is an extension in Firefox for Hindi Language.
until these things are completed.
Therefore, show of dignity not found in this.
Surface heat during 21 century
Finds applications in many locations.
as the amount of data we're producing
can and will achieve its mission.
List of birds of South India
we know that there is a continuum of such facts.
Mouse button to use in the scanning mode
Always allow plug-ins on $1%{HOST}
And they're in your house. They're in your house.
There are ongoing downloads in this window
-115-117-116-110-17:50,12 may 2010 (UTC) mention unformated text here
From that time till now indian celebration this festival
It was semi-feudal and semi-colonial in character .
How strange Africa is , thought the boy .
Failed to browse '%s': %s
No period of notice for motions has been prescribed .
Oral agents do not replace diets .
People who do not need a work permit
XML parsing error: '%s' at line %d
The body of Gurudev had become very weak.
The passwords do not match
The emergency generators did not start.
Or is the whole design of the system wrong?
The signature is unrecognized or corrupted
He was Sharadbabu Prabhavathi and Janakinath's second son|
Close ties with Lady Mountbatten
And then we pasted everywhere - the whole hill.
A brevity, brevity of everything with this child.
The value of output of electronics trebled during 1980-85 .
to deliver the “crunch year.”
Interesting questions regarding the law of belligerency were discussed .
Boston doesn't just have a call center.
Show question number and/or code
to find online criminal gangs -
No deserialize function found for format %s
and he understood how to survive.
Benjamín Le Barón was murdered.
who are the researchers in this picture.
I am confident of everybody 's support .
And when that bad news washes over you,
“Why is he using so many impulses?”
It is important to budget for gas and electricity.
Unable to complete the requested search
Similarly peroxyacetyl nitrate (PAN) is made from NOx and VOCs.
so that God's will was manifest through them
Network entries can only have one FROM address.
That was the origin of the word “bug.”
You need to insert sensor hardware to continue.
Render height has to be 576 pixels for DV-PAL!
Click to change your nickname
These comics are a fundamental way
or six billion, even, people,
<b>%s</b> has canceled a meeting.
One must observe the proper rites … ”
that was nothing compared to what we're seeing now
adults and 15 percent of kids. What's really concerning
Image of CD successfully created
So I just bought one specimen
Open date and time settings...
Because thanks to the one child policy
No more headings at level %d.
Popup delay milliseconds for IME switcher window
List of Governors of Jammu and Kashmir
An email with your login data was sent to you.
Plane crash with Bose were his assistant Colonel Ahbibuar Rahman
Click on the right color
Name of the custom binding
And he published that book
Open a recently used archive
Pans the braille display to the right.
Wet and dirty beddings cause skin diseases .
List of airports by ICAO code: R
And if we wanted to zoom into a page,
Fig . 1 : External appearance of the heart .
of legal versus illegal distinctions for copying
Create a new empty folder inside this folder
Over the past century, average lifespan has more than doubled.
the usual sources of irritation for most Nigerians:
which is different from others, that is Rama of kabeer
or we might say the ecological - balance.
2. Infection caused by germs.
has led to wonderful adaptations -
the eight years of occupation,
During this time Dravida civilisation was flourishing in South India.
and those who have no relationship to it at all.
Then a couple of hundred years ago
In good old days it was known as golden goose.
They wanted to replace scripture with culture.
Delay in seconds until showing the next image
%{APPNAME} has crashed. Click this balloon to restart the app.
List of airports by ICAO code: D
Makkan surrenderd and confessed the Islam.
The two halves should be even .
They also knew of Roy 's opposition to Gandhism .
that is based more on principles of agriculture.
Coordinate expression results in division by zero
in my view are ideas in India
There Lakshman destructed the entire army of Demons.
Premchand brought the Literature to the ground of reality.
And we did video clips.
45 to 90 minutes a day
and say we cannot afford
We really need to put in place a strategy
Wireless network connection '%s' active
Initialisation of encrypted volume failed
So these are helicopters with four rotors
Needless to say it was. Some people think
to Mandarin for the first time during the critical period.
The Russians actually flew a supersonic transport before the Concorde.
Show question code only (Forced by the system administrator)
“ Why do they persecute them ? ”
This stood him in good stead in later life .
Industrial Injuries Disablement Benefit with Constant Attendance Allowance
Automatically connect to this network when it is available
the people of the anaconda
Telling the story of Mahabharata to saints by Soot.
It's an international autonomous robot soccer competition.
Time started = %2d hour(s), %2d minute(s), %.2f seconds.
There are variations but these are regional not communal .
And I will talk on, is this possible?
Also the U.S. and Japan.
Reeti Kaal (1600-1900) constructive period
because I also did some other stuff with these clients.
Sansmaran: Path ke sathi(1956) and Mera parivar(1972)and sansmaran(1983)
of developing and industrialized countries, which is wrong.
Bluetooth configuration not possible (failed to create D-Bus proxy).
The tooth is sealed with a temporary filling .
It is divided by two canales
dead or injured former tenants notwithstanding.
Their Chairmen are nominated by the Speaker .
But there was only silence .
the number of slogas in Kurma puran is 17,000
They never become old-fashioned .
Thank you very much. But let me tell you this.
they're often bypassed and misunderstood.
and told them that this is something
They're clicking on things and staring at screens.”
like that in the last eight years in a position
A car, which runs on compressed air
that people could build in their garages.
List of aircraft carriers in service
Keyboard;Mouse;a11y;Accessibility;Contrast;Zoom;Screen Reader;text;font;size;AccessX;Sticky Keys;Slow Keys;Bounce Keys;Mouse Keys;
On the following day they give alms and eat .
“ We ' re two very different things . ”
based on the hundreds of thousands of pieces of content
But we weren't really sure.
Sorry, can not open the software database
That's the closest live Human
Hanuman had reached to Sita.
This is an extremely strange fact.
is a kind of conceptual incubation.
Bad certificate domain: %s Issuer: %s
Option '%s': '%s' cannot be converted to a date.
But this cure is worse than the disease .
Production was 11,614 tons in 1941 .
These should be explained to you.
Shiv are born every time to protect religion.
When's the last time you really enjoyed
Choose a device to configure:
Switch main list to edit mode to re-add existing items
It may take two days, three days, four days,
Switch to workspace on the left of the current workspace
Whether media playback allows inline
But nevertheless we started walking .
Object is out of sync
As long as the city's putting out notices like this
Oops! It was not possible to show this website
Coptosoma are hard-bodied bugs that look curiously like beetles .
it was a YouTube comment:
show them what bad customer service looks like.
His real name was Narendra Nath Datta.
we always have this vague notion
Urdu script is the medium for replying in Devanagari (software)
and she's not dazzled by anything.”
People are getting away from doing
The Amazing Spider-Man (2012 film)
is the largest increase in expressive capability
waiting for the doctor to call back;
that very poor people have,
we have the uprising power of women,
They are considered economical for milk and ghee production .
And most of them couldn't say.
It was theirs. It was experiential. It was authentic.
Whether to enable css shaders
This is what's going to take a bit of money.
Special Powers of Rajya Sabha
And while, of course, we do need clean energy,
The server is not a SOCKSv5 proxy server.
has a design for your resource.
Telephone the Quitline on 071-487-3000. <s> Tips on giving up.
This robot is actually a family of snake robots
An entire remix community sprouted up
I miss them dreadfully .
We're also, on top of that,
and there's a guy, you know, in the back.”
There is no mention when this day will arrive.
Program to clean unnecessary files
I'm not sure by that time
and Rick Szeliski at Microsoft Research. A very nice collaboration.
“ Yes , even flowers that have thorns . ”
Arab states, South Asia and sub-Saharan Africa.
This process goes under supervision of internet service provider.
Binding to launch the help browser.
Paul Gates <s> George Bain
There was a problem with your microphone.
%s is a mighty pirate!
His idea of Sant Kabir - exchange was
it was a Sikh family and followed Arya culture.
world's main panth and their explanation
Software updates are available for this computer
.All three were singing on the way of martyr.
Their laughter faded away just as quickly .
included in his new marketing strategy.
for us to behave in ways
Idra was very happy seeing the strong Arjun.
Gandhiji did not agree to this line of thinking.
Do not sign meeting requests (for Outlook compatibility)
And then people started stumbling on it.
List of Prime Ministers of Pakistan
help with caring tasks during the day/night
that component ends up getting counted multiple times.
to keep track of where it is,
But it doesn't really need it,
Ancient languages like Sanskrit and Tamil is born in India.
But this is just one, two, three billion people,
Which is a discovery that suggests
The maximum value of the adjustment
Over the remainder he says prayers and eats it .
Allow editing answers after completion?
Therefore when you are a young country,
And we helped him build a company, for profit,
Draught-proofing of external doors or windows;
and that is an unprecedented transfer of financial resources
that I understood the face behind the statistics
because regular people don't just lose money.
He shut his mouth hurriedly and turned his head .
There was an error launching the mouse preferences dialog: %s
encountered unexpected error while waiting for smartcard events
agra is the uttar pradesh dist and thasil
Which help irrigate thousands of hectares of land.
We could have done that.
And it uses what's called a bin-packing algorithm.
where up to a third of the children
in a five act tragedy.
Mission: Impossible (1988 TV series)
The source of the constraint
rolling up tortillas in the marketplace,
Federation of Children's Book Groups,
Not a comic book MIME type: %s
because I am the best teacher
died on 14th January, 1937, in Varanasi.
If you're living outside like me,
G . Rao , AIR 1952 SC 196 -RRB- .
Error seeking to offset %lld
Now why does it do this? I hear you ask.
{Give notice about Nature and climate changes.
for a period of time you'll reduce the disease burden,
And this is made with chickpeas, dried milk
There are several ways in which you can take action.
After Ravan's exit Thrijta sympathized with Sita|
List of airports by ICAO code: R
There was more 50-over cricket than anywhere.
And if you actually lose that information,
that they are so incredibly busy and productive,
found kids playing games on it.
Zameer: The Awakening of a Soul
So how did that happen?
Help for the disabled and their carers .
when people learn from disasters.
Survey text elements successfully saved.
it destroyed the local retailing industry.
MSN Home Screen Name 1
Font description as a PangoFontDescription struct
And finally number 10, last and certainly not least,
because I'm trying to avoid any assumptions
and Exxon provided the initial resin.
There you go. Thank you so much.
but this time I saw it differently -
Before convention Gandhiji chose Subhas babu for Congress presidency.
No text is allowed inside element <%s>
Do you know that driving accidents
Unable to open/create test file.
XPM file has image height <= 0
Could not parse S/MIME message: Unknown error
Create a new QR code
We've got fashion magazines, house party scenes.
till you get to the point of it all.
Could not connect with command “%s”: %s
Thus was born the modern Hindu religion
So what is an insect seeing?
The virtual tour of Tajmahal, on Internet
really is a question of leadership.
If so, contact one of these organisations:
all the infrastructural things we need to do,
Which provided the Jbuar Dawood
List of programs broadcast by Colors
If you have not reached state pension age
No data for this interval
And that's what I'm going to talk about,
Do you want to mark all messages as read?
and solar-electrified 100 villages in Afghanistan.
25. Other changes could include ensuring that local planning authorities:
Time in milliseconds between updates of the graphs
to have come together in this way and exchanged ideas
the classic medium of delivery of religions.
we want to really lower the use of energy -
Are you sure you want to revert all changes?
Afterwards a nominated member of Legislative.
See page 14 for the full Code.
Rourkela also worked at 60 to 65 per cent .
There were a thousand possibilities .
Uninagari: Simplified with no frills , Devnagari Typewriter.
Do not be depressed at our temporary failure .
You know perfectly well it is . ”
'true' if the selection can have folders, 'false' otherwise
Mumbai is the biggest city of India.
National Rail Museum, New Delhi
The persistence, their ability to deal with ambiguity,
userxattr - support user extended attributes
And to me, the hard part
You can see it by looking at my head.
FIFO which will be written to for responses
Taj-mahal and other examples are impressive islam's marvels.
when ravan was going, trijata gave sita solace.
where passengers on the ferry
I was a 24 year-old young engineer.
Whose son shall it be?
in terms of creating the manufacturing miracle
They will all be your friends .
from a kind of cell called a grid cell.
- Johann Freidrich von Schiller
Here's the problem facing Homer.
What is common sense , anyway ?
I realized at that point,
Set process priority to high
kind of like cellular amnesia, into an embryonic state.
under the East India Company and under imperial rule,
Global war on terrorism/Martial Study Institute.
Set to true to enable the background settings manager plugin.
those who make peaceful revolution impossible
Whether the chooser list is visible
The boy was surprised at his thoughts .
So that we can stop compartmentalizing form, function and aesthetic,
who otherwise would not be able to afford them.
Play sound when a new message arrives
the answer is about 24 percent. That's their guess.
PCX: this is not a PCX file.
New password has been saved.
So I sold lots and lots of sunglasses.
Test the network before suspending.
But was India ready for it?
to try and actually assess whether some of these
Are you sure you want to leave the network “{0}”?
<b>%s</b> requests your presence at the following meeting:
Q . So you want peace , not war .
Minute particle emission drops by 80 percent
HB6 A practical guide for disabled people
Still Gandhiji made him India's first Prime Minister.
that should not be tolerated in a civilized society.
Total nine countries approved this government.
Maybe they should be tracked differently.
like we did with the place cell.
Every fourth year a festival called Bala is celebrated .
There is %S available, but %S is required.
WFP's been able to leave 30 nations
Optional site of Sanskrit OCR
and if they've done that, then they can do extra,
(Video) Bear Vasquez: What does this mean?
They demanded that you be made prime minister .
Seek not supported on stream
It is dramatic and very this worldly .
we can write a word such as TED
Parliament does not make laws .
List of accelerators in particle physics
Chromium cannot read and write to its data directory: %{USER_DATA_DIRECTORY}
Many publishers were not quite so encouraging.
Health Education Board for Scotland
This account is already being used on this device.
Play games with lists of words .
Currently there are no additional languages configured for this survey.
” I believe in lighting one candle with another .
My plan is not listed...
And so from inside, it doesn't look very complicated, right?
Ram practicable, the instrument - Professor Mahavir Saran Jain
But yesterday the city called them and said,
Google Dictionary English <-> Hindi (online)
You've just got to go around the block
The barrel is long and deep .
Careful, these experiments may bite
the rent and when it is payable ;
Chickens can live longer without food than without water .
Plymouth Rock is a popular American breed .
” Let me tell you what will happen .
Patience is bitter, but its fruits are sweet.
Because it seems to me that every society, every society,
VLC could not open the %s module.
Now, many of you might worry
They give us our identity
who were asking the ministry of interior affairs,
being a doctor and being a lawyer
User name '%s' not found
I wanted to make sure that others could.
when you were a kid?”
The police tried hard to unravel the mystery of killing.
specify the theme to use
But India still has a lot of work to do
What compacts will mean for tenants
Open selected files with an application
Panel object has quit unexpectedly
The sheep had taught him that .
Open a dialog to specify the color
right in front of these things.
Be formless, shapeless, like water.
in the city of Lagos, on the topic of energy.
Efforts are made to make this region as free-trade zone.
Users who participated to the last %s contributions.
Rather than using it for my computer,
Amount of blue light in the color.
Now, in case the weather changes before the launch,
DIB Header: Unknown bitdepth in file.
Because of safety, Imaams were separated QURAN in two part
I want to talk about the other pandemic, which is
He was founder of Radhaswami Sect.
Yutchub headquartered in San Brunoan
It is a matter to which the different
The beautiful girl spoke of the invaders with pride .
So how might the airplane of the future look?
Premchand in collection of Prose
There are a lot of countries, oil producing countries,
Error while changing NIS password.
Please download Hamachi and follow the installation instructions.
until I know it's safe.
Or, in many African countries, unofficial opportunities
5 ) put into action
Raw PNM formats require exactly one whitespace before sample data
I felt deeply moved , and stirred .
Unsupported authentication method for %s
device '%s' not compatible with connection '%s'
So think of it as a monitor for the blind.
For this he approached brahman society but was not satisfied
Wedding of Prince William and Catherine Middleton
Could not allocate %lu byte to read file “%s”
Every morning you have tea, as well as coffee.
So as Jason Silva said,
Cannot fork locking helper: %s
are shaped by things that they don't see.”
This gift came to me about five months ago.
It was the beginning of a change.
distinction between federation and confederation
a new producer joins as well.
It's not easy, but it's simple.
They fly into this thing,
Vivek Jeewan (Viveka's Life) (Blog in Hindi)
regular expression is too large
Join and create local networks over the Internet
And since I said they're my role models,
And not only that, it looks better.
You've got this demand over here that has money.
These files are on an Audio CD.
The default Sans Serif font family used to display text.
but I think we have to change our mindsets.
The government ran away in panic .
Transform windows when they are minimized and unminimized
Could not enable mouse accessibility features
In other words, that risk on the quarter acre
National Institute of Technology, Durgapur
So now my wish is:
so that they can make Coartem.
Former members of Parliament may become associate members .
that many, if not most, of you
is a very, very small idea
We said, “The dollar's quite powerful actually.”
Sometimes it is a very dangerous act to palliate symptoms.
Internet is a world wide network of inter connected computers.
After this child named as Kabir.
at that point, and started developing, really,
Could not open the address “%s”
how are the tires degrading,
Three years and two children later,
One final point. I'm optimistic, because I believe
there is a beautiful pictures of village nature here.
It was karthik month when the candle was lit
Unable to retrieve folder size information
No , Esther , we ' ll stay here .
and Country 1 has a longer system of railways.
The tooltip of the menu item
2009 Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister helicopter crash
Now that is a particularly -
“ Drunken swine ! ”
irrespective of different religions, cultures, all those things,
People who have no light,
Show warning dialog when killing processes
The current password is not correct
are bad at paying attention,
Because otherwise it can get quite claustrophobic.
Why do we need them ?
Cycles to the next capitalization style.
sat down and decided to think,
And as far as I'm concerned,
Disable mounting of external storage
Failed to encrypt: No valid recipients specified.
These are all traditional water structures,
Button aspect ratio %g is not reasonable
usage: %prog [options] cleaner.option1 cleaner.option2
Thus people forgot all about their caste and religion .
How could I turn you out ?
to recognise letters and words
The module has already been initialized
“Oh, somewhere. It doesn't matter.”
Error: invalid 'sleep' parameter: '%s'; use 'true' or 'false'.
Day Projects , Information and Advisory Services
was that it's okay to lose control.
This enables H.245 early in the setup
whether or not we understand these truths.
$1%{PRODUCTNAME} needs to be restarted to apply the update.
For math teachers majoring in math there's a measurable effect.
How will I find out the result ?
Error writing to %s: %s
Cca Sbnemen wide Brahman, the priest Jogi
Not allowed to set permissions
Every High Court has full control over its staff .
The font description used for the icons on the desktop.
Good thoughts bear good fruit, bad thoughts bear bad fruit.
Set the percentage width of the answer column (1-100)
The region is not secure, but full of the Taliban,
“ No , ” said the king .
If you want to put a colored disk,
There are also financial reforms in rural China.
to analyze an entire life's worth of content -
Do you want to replace the database (import from %s)?
2009 Mutua Madrileña Masters Madrid
into the realm of broken-hearted snakes
the hard thing to do is to be ready.
Install the LILO boot loader on a hard disk
This is not the case.
Determines whether Metacity is a compositing manager.
cost-benefit analysis between not fixing an unhealthy,
Can you just encompass these people too?
Please enter a number such as 12.34 or -20.
Synced as %{USER_EMAIL_ADDRESS}. Last synced: %{LAST_SYNC_TIME}
Some files will not be displayed.
Number three, the 99 stones all have within them
This deficiency can be made up by-providing food hay .
And I think that human aging shares
is a 400 year-old Buddhist monastery.
Islamabad is National Capital area
Congressional Space Medal of Honor
well there's the image header,
It is the building block of World
Whether the selection color has been set
Important Hindi newspaper of India and abroad on Internet
All the stars are a-bloom with flowers … ”
But he wanted to see more .
because it connected people from the virtual world,
is to symbolize the third eye
Krishna Vaarta : Story of Lord Krishna
Could not shutdown backendstdout IO channel: %s
because it's not about scaling a new solution;
It flies , is an aeroplane .
we tend to seek simple answers.
Income Support <s> For people on a low income
you had to tie really tight
Are you an NGO? Are you the media?”
In the process , many myths are being cleared .
Gandhiji selected Pattabi Sitaramayya for the post of president.
of my perceptions, aspirations and dreams,
There was an error on update check (%s)
Institut Polytechnique des Sciences Avancées
Wherever you look around the world,
A silly position for a fellow of eighteen !
Keyboard shortcut to close a tab
Write to files that you have opened in the application
Could not go offline in the network “{0}”
Scientific form of Vedic knowledge
%(count)s update has been selected.
So, the question is, why only them?
to what's widely regarded as the world's most difficult conflict,
implementation process in our countries.
And politicians always talk about justice.
These are the guys who wrote the first PC virus.
Himalaya is known by many names.
-96 dB (PCM range of 16 bit samples)
KDE Magnifier without Screen Reader
And there is so much good that we can do.
At that time Sati practice was also in use.
And this is a man
and discover the great ideas
Yes, there's a guy walking across your screen
” It is much farther …
national website of India (in Hindi)
ladies and gentlemen, does not create wealth for them.
Action on title bar middle-click
But it would not budge .
to find out how much would the dry cleaners
Sorry there are no supported question types in this survey.
The presence of camels, mountains,
Chawla in the space shuttle simulator
and two on this one to make it light up.
Firexfox extension is useful for Hindi.
I was being interviewed on TV in Mumbai,
So essentially it knows where to go
Two people in the table sitting across each other
Come on, you have dictators ruling the world,
The point that we have been stressing
It has been lost now.
Could not write image %s
in the beginning, for thousands and thousands of years,
10 Tun CO2</up> Per Year:
and we weren't that far.
China had been the most powerful nation in the world
- “”www.mainstree.com, the first inline magazine for women in Hindi.
can have a nasty kickback.
Choose a folder for deleted messages.
Rama is feasible, not practice - Professor Mahavir Saran Jain
Read and modify your bookmarks
Go back in undo history
Error executing filter search: %s: %s
{0} left the network {1}
It doesn't matter today if it's your photo or not.
Because that phase of solid ice lasts for two months
A menu to quickly switch between users.
at that time sati system was also n wide
Two months later something incredible occurs.
This file cannot be mounted
New Deal for Lone Parents see page 14.
The color of the URL's label
Network name must be non-blank and less than 50 characters
That means there's no waiting
Do you see me simply smothered in cloth?
or, in the case of the Yanomami,
And by the time I'm done, in 2020,
Couldn't write to file “%s”: %s
Start playing the next song
fires whenever there's a boundary to the south,
Let us examine this also.
is the tremendous value of the spin-off technology
Meet Tony. He's my student.
Intuitive is just another word for familiar.
Check for new messages on start
So, it's a bit of a curve, that.
without requiring that the user changes any of their behavior.
%s has published the following task:
MMR contains three separate vaccines in one injection .
whether it's physical or metaphorical,
So I was cartooning live on a wide screen -
and wait for the weekend.
since 2007 pakisthan is developing at a rate of 7%.
But,“ a very important but, ”I love Christmas carols.
%s pays the next round of grog!
Google Chrome is now importing the following items from $1%{BROWSERCOMPONENT}:
with very few resources to support them.
The conciliation service is independent.
to continue putting polluting facilities in my neighborhood.
You may need your eye tested .
Well, Anne Frank touched millions
Save project as a PLS playlist
and solar-electrified the first village,
often, actually, on a Sunday evening,
She said, “Change your profession.”
for everyone to have 2,700 kilocalories.
and they figure it out,
Test whether the archive contains errors
Create desktop shortcut for this profile
1)Sanskrit is world's oldest language of vedas.
...Christoper Beli and Tim Harper
Change lower speed limit (%) to:
The slogan of the early 70s
you can see the lanes of the road and obstacles.
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly
It has some padhabadha mantra, which is useful for Ardhvayuverg.
Click to close this window.
I have spent my entire life
it also kept the alchemist from growing old .
What was he thinking about? Lunch?
It would be insane to call Hamlet a loser.
Now this looks also like a very good story.
Hindus don't have the concept of commandments.
S.H.: Well, I think once you admit
any excess energy coming from the windmill
Dead lock met while passing the bill.
Usually they are just over 40 and overweight .
a script is just words.
And those leaders did not emerge spontaneously.
“ Feeding my falcon . ”
Number of stanzas in Padma Puran is fifty thousand
This can only be added from the %{CHROME_WEB_STORE}.
of a totally different kind of closet today
so the union was made for unitization of the rajasthan
Name of the survey administrator
Editing IPv4 routes for %s
So why was this woman dying?
Play first song again after all songs are played
they may be creative in terms of institutions;
Current bill. There are 4 types of bill
went back into Italian Google.
Stage 4 For each catering step :
And he said, “Of course I will.
Include all networks created by this client
A . Nobody is opposed to talks .
You must first select a group in the list
Path on SSH server to Gnote synchronization directory (optional).
On one of my last visits to Pakistan,
Interim Government of the independent India
List of Bollywood films of 2010
Now to understand how Congress came to write a bill
” You shall have your sunset .
Methods to compensate for any likely increased physical activity .
Open the door ! ”
This occured after independence in 1947.
in a more productive relationship
because the pollen, they don't need so much of it.
of how to interpret a really good idea.
He saw her eyes widen .
The first one is, again, remember, these are four year-olds.
everything was destroyed pertaining to soje watan
Do you see the fan-like scans made across the sky?
Add a new criterion to this search
Whether the language should be hidden from the user
“ How do I know ? ”
His contribution towards the field of Story-writing is also significant.
The followers of all these religions were named Dhimmi.
Position of the handle relative to the child widget
How should I care for a mouthguard ?
Uttar Pradesh Rajarshi Tandon Open University
Eastern division of Rajasthan has been always fertile.
We've brought it down to the tangent of an angle.
So a few years later, and it's now 1997,
An average African country receives foreign aid
Now 100 percent of their time is.
And these people, they want the washing machine.
From Geetanjali to a Popular Composition
When should it be done ?
here you have child mortality - that is, survival -
So the question is, why was I blocking it?
Internet disconnected. Please check your internet connection and try again.
the communicators, the thinkers, the governments
Get the value of KEY
A Large Ion Collider Experiment
and to start with, “secondly.”
Use lower case rather than capitals .
So we had to create it.
Here we are - she and I !
all these shots were taken. So you see elements here
1.Rigveda, 2. Yajurveda 3. Samaveda and 4. Adharvaveda
Always manage the desktop (ignore the GSettings preference).
Now, that brings us now to, why does this happen?
The server “%s” doesn't support anonymous access.
Key echo set to key.
Created to make way means the way or tied-congratulation convention
Copy #%i has been burned successfully.
Pixels of extra space on all four sides
delegate has no type info
Ensure new line at file end
And that psychological barrier of fear
Minimum horizontal height of the progress bar
Constipation is a common problem, specially during long illness.
The problems which are discussed here generally affect older people.
He said to me merely :
- have a long-term physical medical condition
What are the key things to remember ?
loads of military weapons and sophisticated technology
My name is Iman. I am a fashion model,
And she said, “Well, you know,
after this the sea water dissolved dwarkapuri
And suddenly we fell in love with the 50-over game,
life can do a lot with very little.
which makes up 23 percent of the universe,
Tata Institute of Fundamental Research
Khayam ki Madhushala (1938), [Khayam's bar]
Stage 4(f): Checking the system
Share music and play shared music on your local network
So he's calling oxytocin “the moral molecule.”
I could not believe I had pledged allegiance
They are both right now on the run.
pneumatics and air flow phenomena.
Kind of network selected in the druid
Two weeks ago I was in my studio in Paris,
Create a new event from the selected message
They are like that .
%s wishes to add to an existing memo:
I'm talking to you about modern-day slavery.
and they moved about a foot.
Well, because there's a lot at stake.
Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus railway station
Add the selected folders to the bookmarks
The power of the Sikhs increased in the north west.
List of Number of Mobile phone users
Delete files in the selected operations
people were reporting violations of human rights in Egypt;
and so that's one of the first things we know,
and off they go and pollinate.
but before the human soul.
Display notification when a member goes offline
My students often ask me,
Anyone of any age can get meningitis or septicaemia.
This started an incredible journey.
as young as three, as young as four,
One of the most effective anti-smoking ads was done
When he was punished, Subash babu felt sad and wept
This means life giving purpose.
Whether information about all file systems should be displayed
True affluence is to not need anything.
“ I ' m not a child . ”
Width of border around the content area
is on the softer side.
Go to the next visited location
it's a feeling, and it's a reality.
The torture at times used to be unbearable .
I started this with community support.
The evening noises of the town seemed far away .
That's a fantastic way to be,
Powerwash required on next reboot
when it's threatened, it shuts down everything else,
Status icon and notification popups
Whether visited links should be tracked
Why have a literacy hour?
should not become an enemy of sustainability.
Jayato Jayatu Sanskritam (Praise to thee Sanskrita)
Could not upgrade the system! Fix broken packages first.
Position of the item within this group
Well these two cells here
Some mobiles have a touchscreen feature.
Enable remote Python debugging with rpdb2
I said, “And when we review this,
It is almost physiologically impossible
Move files or directories to the trash.
The preparation of Deepawali starts just after Dushehara.
And when they teach us a lesson,
Could not update folder permissions.
Is your health affected in other ways ?
This monument always to be appreciable and wonder.
He pointed to the case .
Meaning of Puran- is 'Old' or 'Ancient'
Robots like this can really change the way
Choose password for new keyring
Set to true to enable the xsettings settings manager plugin.
Encourage your child to take one .
In Present time four(4) Vedas are considered.
to make the boss happy, to make everyone happy.
में महत्वपूर्ण हैं, पर जापानी में नहीं.
It gained credibility from both
as general purpose computing devices,
Some of this stuff is hard.
Please download and install the latest Hamachi version.
That is solely the job of the regulator .
So,it was quite natural,British people were quitestiff to wards laborers.
I use only a bedroom in my house .
Cut selected tasks to the clipboard
is you bend both these legs into a triangle,
I would like to talk today
We call ourselves Pors and Rao,
%s Properties - %s [%s]
Task names and associated .desktop files
the people around, who were interviewed as well,
Hazrat Mohammad Sallallahu Alaihi Wasallam
Well, the Internet has empowered us.
According to sense what Asadhma
River Jamuna and Meghana branches from Bramhaputra meets padma river.
The six legs are confined to the thorax .
WARNING: failed to install schema ‘%s', locale ‘%s': %s
You are required to change your password immediately (root enforced)
The barrel is long , deep and wedge-shaped .
and in all honesty, the pursuit of normality
The work that I had done
and so he started to develop
people who are attracted to the ritualistic side,
He embodies an honourable escape route for all parties .
Insufficient permissions to install the theme in: %s
Allow sites to track the users' physical location
What is the “windows” key?
follow the archetypes of narrative fiction.
black-and-white splotchy and you can get the pattern-seeking -
On the coming of the Aryans ?
Sha is she in modern Hindi.
The message was not sent due to DBUS security rules
She should have a marked wedge-shaped body .
Pant ke sau patra (1970)
It started in Japan. Sumitomo had developed a technology
with the veterinarian, but a person can ride him.
this invisible but certainly palpable movement inside Rwanda,
Pyrolysis is also burning in the absence of oxygen .
Delay in bringing medicine made Rama angry.
one for yourself and one for others.
so that every time a user uses it,
and compared to nine million bicycles, and so forth.
because I hadn't come across that formulation before. (Laughter)
Found packages in base already in required: ${SUBST0}
this incredible work that you're doing,
and collect rain water from roof,
Enable switching between mobile carriers.
if you're not wearing a seat belt.
and each chapter begins with what we call the basmala,
Indian states ranking by household size
Forward the selected message to someone as an attachment
Packages required for KVM usage
You may be able to get help with childcare costs.
The mode of the device
He believed only in Eshwar and opposed ritualism|
Years later, I thought about this when I left Nigeria
Unknown and unparsable error received.
Where do we get this spark of imagination?
Specify file containing saved configuration
Deleted %s previous matching profile entries.
and they are too moronic to put them together correctly.
Print all subdirectories in a directory.
The men were terrified at his sorcery .
Don't keep a large amount at home.
Unable to find supported SSH command
'%s' is not a valid name
Now, criminals who weren't capable of reaching us before
Not running within active session
where each school can be flourishing tomorrow.
of microbes that are good for us,
When I first learned the statistics
there were only three people who could speak Dari,
Warning: According to introspection data, interface '%s' does not exist
behavior will happen, business will happen.
and to aspire to work a job
Did not understand state “%s” in color specification
We have bigger brains relative to our bodies
I wouldn't be surprised if you didn't understand anything.
how do most of the women in the world wash?
<%s> parent “%s” has not been defined
Gandhiji was not agreeable with this ideology.
I've made more than 1,100 portraits myself
You can do as much voluntary work as you like.
I know that seems ludicrous.
In that time see this scenery in Suratgad.
and the globalization of English.
And perhaps they knew the future also.
Third phase 18 April 1948.
National Geographic Adventure (TV channel)
There's an old African proverb that goes:
2002 Monte Carlo Masters - Singles
Key Binding (%s) is incomplete
Up nishedas are in these four parts
Change the order of priority of process
It's a dream. And it became a dream also.
Butane gas ( used as cigarette lighter fuel ) .
Also, feelings that are clouding the issues -
Feynman decided, as a sort of amateur helium physicist,
Buying new and used cars
Get ready to memorize the next objects...
Doing what? Breaking stones, digging earth.
Move the selected files out of the trash to “%s”
We have sold things all over the world,
What should my council expect from me?
The title of the window
on the other side of complexity.
Show Haguichi in the notification area
He bought an €18 million art collection
Your numbers are a bit out.
Dhritarashtra's Charioteer Adhirath saved him and had brought him up.
The Amazing Race (U.S. TV series)
So what makes people notice?
Free milk for disabled children see page 17.
that also went number one on the pop charts.
Could not save the monitor configuration
and a rubber ball, and any number of people
We can use technology for direct benefits.
His mother's name was Swaroop Rani Nehru.
and see me for who I truly am inside?
right through 156 tons of steel in the sky.
Width of process 'estimated memory usage' column
If you proceed, all proxy accounts will be deleted permanently.
But I say it has to be
Now it was not about Riverside school.
and yet it had a longer system of railways
The certificate “$1%{CERTIFICATENAME}” represents a Certification Authority.
Helping keep your home warm.
is really compiling data on things that could either happen
how do we train these women?
Nautilus could not create the required folder “%s”.
And the little prince added :
Limit time to answer question (in seconds)
And it's our job to hand those things out.
Need for Speed: Most Wanted (2005 video game)
The text to show at the top of the dialog
And then a great feeling will arise.
It is read facing the Mecca.
after this there was a rule of islam in qulifat
Require IPv4 addressing for this connection to complete
with acting out of fear -
you can cover them up.
You have switched to the %{CHANNELNAME} channel.
Bluetooth configuration not possible (error finding NetworkManager: %s).
and say, “I appreciate your criticism of my country,
whose average value is less than 10 percent,
They specially belong to the Hindus .
The mardan da giddha was a popular option .
Changes for the versions: %s %s
Require IPv6 addressing for this connection to complete
which is, using pictures to represent words.
Default location for the Create/Restore disk image dialogs
I just didn't care at all about studying,
The item which is currently active
and image my own life.
It must have a social objective before it .
Color of the font used by the text
We've all these lessons in front of us,
With young children it helps to :
With some goods you may have manufacturers ' guarantees .
He had friends and yet was lonely .
“He's got to sleep sometime.”
Is the person you care for getting enough help?
The history of Sanskrit Language
National Highways Authority of India
Slowly this delta is reaches to ocean.
and it converges with feelings,
Advanced Materials and Processes Research Institute
you'll see it's a crude face of political domination.
I can't change the condition of the road,
and tried to measure their success and well-being
Cookies from multiple sites allowed.
Click here to import its contents
there's moment that causes this robot to roll.
Lahore gate is its main entrance.
They are sucked in from other people.
Open link with web browser default
Error opening keyring ‘%s' for writing:
And we have to find a way to create,
What do you think it will be about ?
Teacher,people specialized in certain fields, whatever they do,make a video.
Because what we did with these girls
and people's hopes and dreams
What conclusions you think the tribunal should come to .
Error while changing NIS password.
Copyright © 2002-2006 Bastien Nocera
Failed to download crypto components
Category:Provinces of the People's Republic of China
Save current resource configuration as default for all settlements.
We had progress in elections -
Height of the message-list pane
What is the “meta” key?
This is called push technology.
“ What d ' you mean ?
No tag on this sentence yet.
that we did with Tumar Kushner, my student.
Gratuitously handing a victory to Islamists and jihadists.
Remember the last info window visibility state
The given locations contain no images.
Playlists cannot be added to video or audio discs
Why do we keep them ?
Preferences for Eye of GNOME
Sanskrit is world's perfectly 'complete' and logical language.
Gumhne: Omkar Joshi Indian language word processing(WYSWYG)
Could not change media scan settings.
Spacing between step buttons and thumb
even nowadays, chemistry and biology, as you've seen.
Deepavali is a festival of light.
Error looking up device information
Device '%s' has been disconnected.
Skipping disks may cause data to be overwritten.
Failed to redirect output or input of child process (%s)
First, it's a new fear of intimacy.
There were popular governments in the Provinces .
How to claim see page 18.
Files in a standard template cannot be deleted.
It was not even the initial shock of knowing
Reset all your tokens to the 'not used' state
Netaji Subhash: persistent search for truth
Gautam Buddha was died in his 80th age.
there was a bid haram where many ladies were there
Exporting selected audio at %d kbps
had assembled a video camera
that helped me grow my website,
Ancient border posts were reopened .
It is at the center of tomb & entrance gate.
Here also lofty door, a world heritage site.
If true, tooltips are shown for objects in panels.
the GdkScreen for the renderer
How to play with other people.
But at the same time they had a perspicacious knowledge
Hit Shift-Alt to switch keyboard layout.
For example, a trusted financial advisor,
Maximum color value in PNM file is 0
that's when I knew that the conversation with society
Are you sure you want to open %{TABCOUNT} tabs?
because they liked me, and I kind of figured out.
They all have bank accounts.
We came out of the end of the Cold War
Explain to me what's wrong.
because it wasn't about whether or not it was perfect,
The students should teach their teachers.
Let me give you an example.
is that babies take statistics on a new language.
However, they might seem very real to our children.
I learned this from Spider-Man.
Modern science has removed that difficulty .
They give meaning to our lives.
He is self-made and the created of the universe.
Checking for packages to remove...
There are 395 articles and 12 topics.
to be confident and well-educated
you have always wanted to try
The sun began its departure , as well .
Show the raw email source of the message
Address book does not exist
This year on August 8th, he felt paralysis,
emotional support from other carers or people who understand
I had the feeling at the time
Failed to create file '%s': %s
A hostname is required for remote connections.
I was too young, unmarried, I had no children,
The project could not be opened
Failed to copy cookies file from Mozilla.
and the prophet, in one of his sayings, said,
How do I test my breast ?
HinduWiki.com - A Wiki webpage regarding Hindu religion
And they don't really change much.
Creating ${TYPE} file system in partition #${PARTITION} of ${DEVICE}...
Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation
Remington: Based on ASCII font
morals english-hindi dictionary - knowledge
given the human propensity for conflict
Add Tags “%s” and “%s”
The Matrix: Path of Neo
Check for new messages in all active accounts
And that's an incredible deal.
What can the dentist do?
Whether proxy server requires authentication
He actually called me a meddling kid the other day.
(Video) Radio: Okay, release the balloon,
but you see it that way.
Again, an idea which is arrived, but not yet implemented.
Set the window size; for example: 80x24, or 80x24+200+200 (COLSxROWS+X+Y)
Append to end of file
Residential Services are usually for serious long-standing drug problems .
and they couldn't do as well.
And I ever met more humble people.
they put us all together
they don't care as much
In a call with %s
whereas if we thought we were already there,
It is not professor and convict,
The prevention and treatment of Head Lice <s> Detection
%d package will be <b>downgraded</b>
He had to mortgage all his life savings
If there's tension in the village,
3. Election Booth capturing, bogus vote
The key is the wrong size
is about a foot long.
and no need to be an expert
Displays text/calendar parts in messages.
that gives you no satisfaction,
Monarch Envelope, 3 7/8 x 7 1/2 in
This operation, believed to be originally from Estonia,
For more information , contact your social security office .
%d package will be removed
Editing user group (Owner: %s)
Shift photos/videos by the same amount
The question we all face now is,
Do you hear them ?
was the MTN company of South Africa.
and what do you get out of the machine?
Series: United States Of America
And they are taking over Sweden,
There's a proposal to actually put together an institute.
The colorspace in which the samples are interpreted
You do not have to get any other benefits
CHM handler currently supports only local files!
it's just the two of us standing there.
Hyper Degrees-of-freedom Robotic Articulated Serpentine.
There are many big rivers in India.
One must not hold it against them .
what my peers at school might think
Maintenance, color-paint, white wash etc take place in homes.
Bug Buster: Help Line: 020 8341 7167
Why? Because we lack the internal institutional framework
Poetic, publishing and printing: Geetha press, Gorakhpur
Always allow on this site
listen to my speech brother
%s: Cannot find a free display number
Why were more people killed
or grow a piece of bone
Unexpected server response from head: %s
it's as simple as drawing a watch -
No radical ideological beliefs, Islamist, Baathist, or other;
Nurture they thought is important .
They were looking for a dynamic programme .
So our building block is carbon nanotubes, for example,
Copies are available from your local police station .
What expenses can I claim ?
Create Search Folder From Search...
Dasbabu was leading this movement in Bengal.
So there was that feeling of lack of control.
Compose a new mail message
Ambedkar remarked in the Constituent Assembly :
What does this mean for us?
Looks like you did not invoke this operator first!
Let me mention just one
While it's Kepler the telescope, the instrument that stares,
Has called on his vibhishan
But where are the important goals?
The extension “%{EXTENSIONNAME}” has requested additional permissions.
Why should I tell you lies ?
values that maintain the proposition that their prayers
Is he up to it ?
she died on 11th september 1974 at 9.30pm in Allahabad
The Dholi Ganges concourse to Alaknanda at Vishnu prayag.
Subash Babu resigned as the Congress party president
Delete conversations (Delete, Backspace, A)
Error setting value for ‘%s': %s
{0} joined the network {1} and {2} other network
and I could schedule and connect up with those people?
it mostly comes in from the outside world,
This is done by a process known as transformation .
We find guys like Bjorn Sundin, originally from Sweden,
Key to use with scanning mode
Google dictionary English <-> Hindi (Online)
%s: Directory %s does not exist.
So, for example in Iraq, you know, the war zone,
%1 latches onto %0 for a free ride
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India
His father Visvanath Datta believed in decorum.
Organisation of youth engaged Subhas 's equal attention .
How can you keep the communication lines open ?
It also wins in UP assembly polls .
Use custom fonts for displaying mail.
about what I think is one of the greatest adventures
List of Governors of Arunachal Pradesh
and said, “There's a processor inside.”
And then she says, “Not one of our girls.”
The Board recommended the adoption of modern open-hearth furnaces .
When one neighbor helps another,
grew up and grew into
You'll actually see that down here
Similarly, there's another sequence of six stars,
10,000 mangoes, 100,000 mangoes -
current state of jammu kashmir
Now, doing this is easier said than done.
Display the projects recently opened
Writing to %s failed: %s
More importantly, his analysis is correct.
Pan left on focused track
Ask for the details from your local electric showroom.
Kendall's 15 months older than Jay.
The point needs to be stressed unambiguously .
List of Governors of Rajasthan
3.Don't fear from god,take love and inspiration.
Unable to find default local file monitor type
to look for life in the universe.
Cannot enumerate files in directory '%s'
Unpin this page from Start Screen...
Now, I loved those American and British books I read.
and then we look at each other
with phones capable of taking photos or making video
to know where to collect clothes to get them ironed.
These scans, the clinics say, can help
Problem registering the remote desktop server with bonobo-activation; exiting ...
we can use online and can even be downloaded
The detail is what makes me confident
I pull in. I put the car in park.
This is called the Right to Manage .
Select xml file with presets to import
Detailed email notification with result codes
it does things to your brainwave activity. (Laughter)
He went out and did an experiment.
Budhi Ram Dubey Mahila Mahavidyalaya
I heard it was one of the most violent favelas,
services that give you a break
We have narrowed down our differences considerably .
List of things named after Augustin-Louis Cauchy
He knows who's been there, when they were there,
Metadata modification of object %s not allowed
Creating tables. This might take a moment...
They have two and a half million vaccinators.
Areas ruled by the central government care called Union Territories.
This time was fulfill with Devotion.
from 1992to2004 he studies law from chicago high school.
Furthermore, it's simply not true
Browser search engine for different dictionaries
if you pressed the right buttons.
Review your print jobs and printer status online.
Lessons of Sur.( 40 poems lesson) (on Wikistotra)
to spread the infection from 100,000 children
Another Mahabharata: Indian Railways officials and various employees novels
Emergency ! What do you do ?
Whether this widget has a tooltip
Width of border around the main dialog area
has this massive selection bias -
over the age of 12
Malik Muhammad Jayasi (1477 -1542)
What you see here is the audio result -
Now comes the between-subjects design,
Do you want to delete the applet from your configuration?
wood and nails and rope and wheels,
But unfortunately, one of the things kids liked to draw
Erase data on this partition
Text is too short for a phone number
Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute
it will show the vowel letters
.Type of Prime Minister govt.
Could not update list of delegates.
Whether to wrap the license text.
No “startangle” or “from” attribute on element <%s>
National Council of Educational Research and Training
I fear that these changes will not last
The aggregate numbers are overwhelming.
They're speaking to each other
The Ombudsman can consider complaints about:
Entry position from back side- Prog car position
Cricket has given me fame .
Insects were among the first air-breathing land animals .
The responsibility of Indian government over debt loan (with interest)
Largest possible value for the “position” property
We talk about world peace.
We put a stop sign,
You must be authenticated to upload a video.
What 's the risk ?
I mean, folic acid, iron tablets -
The axis to align the position to
age has absolutely nothing to do with it.
The crop is estimated at 96.5 million tonnes.
Your print range selection does not include any pages
It's called pleaching, or grafting trees together,
His life lead to a inspiration for many Hindi films.
Your Jobseeker 's Agreement will include details of :
It's just like our English and Dutch example.
I think you've already heard the figures.
To prevent data loss close all open applications and documents.
ASCII means “”American Standard for Information Interchange“”.
One, that people will pay different prices,
So now I ' m a camel driver .
Who else could have given such an order . ”
Port number of the ftp proxy server
Failed to read the symbolic link '%s': %s
North Anna Nuclear Generating Station
registered with the U.S. Patent Office.
Oops, %{WALLETERROR} You can complete this transaction without Google Wallet.
Drag one or more label boundaries
The list view encountered an error while starting up.
By the time we got the information, we reached there,
This birds pre-natal was Kakabhushundi. (A Holy bird in Ramayan)
There were other reasons .
This is the critical period for sound development,
and see this thing happening
You have the right to :
Clear stars were twinkling up above the roofs .
This is a demo button with a 'quit' icon
by getting as much baloney
Only with total interior renunciation will you recognize God's love.
And he lay down in the grass and cried .
Gramática de la lengua castellana
The other thing that happened is -
Server rejected password because it is too weak.
Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi
Could not go offline in the network “{0}”
From this originated the 'Ummayad' dynasty.
you can browse for hindi news during day time
The file was externally modified
at least in the next few hundred years.
Didn't understand ‘%s' (expected true or false)
Motion path frame extents invalid for %s (%d to %d)%s
It is not an authoritative interpretation of the legislation.
of, visually, of what the Earth looks like -
This was an investment opportunity for someone
Network name is already taken
HIV, AIDS, syphilis, gonorrhea, you name it,
So , why this bewildering hypocrisy ?
because she thought I'd let my family down.
All quotas meet consistency standards
But the people getting into these city leagues
Internal error reported by alignment process.
Like Saraswathi Bharav, Shaurya and Ganesh Kunda etc.
University of Technology and Management
%s has canceled the following meeting:
This went on for years.
PNM image loader does not support this PNM subformat
and it follows the classical design rules.
Most of the Muslims donate 2.5% of their annual income.
veda is the exchange of sastras ( scriptures )
“They sat around, reading the book themselves,
machine tools, a simple machine tool like this.
Many criminals are never even apprehended .
For he foretold of a period
Akbar on hearing this ordered imperial forces to attack Kalyandas.
Some things you may want to think about :
Mark Selected Tasks as Incomplete
Shreekhand ( Sweet made from yougart)
This is called the Right to Manage.
[ 1.6 billion people ]
Installed by a third party.
Create or edit Search Folder definitions
it was placed with other four gardens of mogul's
At 21th century starting the revaluation of mavovadiya become increases.
There's a very simple fluid to begin with.
Failed to get Free/Busy data
Less than or equal to
Association of Southeast Asian Nations
dominating the visual and mental environment.
She tried to avoid them .
This site was blocked from accessing your camera and microphone.
of the simple, universal, little pleasures that we all love,
until you move through it at the ground level.
Central Bank of Sri Lanka
So that's why I study cyborg anthropology.
“ I don ' t want to force you .
Today people feel lawyers a most undesirable necessity .
Authentication error from %(service)s for account %(account)s
Headphones, headsets and other audio devices
he was a was versatile, brilliant and rich author.
which is a third side story,
The future of both hangs in balance .
power to prevent and power to detect.
simply changed your mind about the item.
it gets printed out, the patient gets it,
The main belief of Islamic religion are these:
Who is to do it .
This will help to protect them from serious injury .
The number of vertical tiles
And bed nets are a great tool.
a kind of a blacklisted
Fax : 020 7976 7405
and some of us don't.
This is called “The Captain's Hat Story.”
Hour average ozone (g μ / m3)
“ Come on , ask her ! ”
Width of process 'Unit' column
It could serve the interests of foreign countries .
Cannot rename MAPI folder ‘%s' to ‘%s'
section 4 bothered by noise
One or two bugs have even invaded the sea .
What they did was amazing.
As the baby hears a word in her language
Play a sound for new conversations
Bachchan is known for his great voice.
I'm talking about the elite.
Key file contains invalid escape sequence '%s'
in this part of the 21st century.
Start Haguichi minimized in the notification area
India stretches across 2,933 km from east to west.
Chiefly, if you're a man, your father.
Set the selected image as the desktop background
%s: setsid () failed: %s!
that goes from very severe, the child remains non-verbal,
But the process is very expensive
Missing cdr from pair of values in XML file
India was caught on the back-foot .
Surdas is the main among these.
This is a training ground.
Channel terminates in a partial character
And he was expressing his frustration
and converts it into a playground for children and childhood.
Keep an eye on sniffable products in the home .
This internal sense of rightness
The weather, as you can imagine,
The impact of the elections will be minimal . ”
The response of the resource
First of all, the news was so heavy.
Setup the page settings for printing
Alert from IMAP server %s@%s in folder %s: %s
and give them to each other
Another example: Have you ever been to Venice?
He founded Ramkrisna Mission , which is active evn today.
Enable Media Source API on %{VIDEOHTML} elements.
and free ourselves and free ourselves from that.
Hindi language is used in the Firefox webpage.
You favour all equally, and help overcome ambition.
Onkar Joshi's word-processor in Indian Language (WYSWYG)
This plug-in is not supported.
The screen on which to display the prompt
They ruled Central Asia and many Provinces of Iran.
table with %d rows and %d columns.
Tune CD-ROM drive parameters with hdparm?
And why only computers? We can just play with papers.
They are raised primarily for meat .
Microsoft Indic Language Input Tool
and Voodoo is simply the distillation
The glorious discovery was mutual .
his rather unfortunate personality -
In fact, they're often the initial and convincing negotiators
According to them one day God will end the world
Could not execute '%s': %s
Constituents in dung that form a fertilizer
How do you qualify for a free NHS test ?
the second queen of shudrodhan queen “”mahaprajavati“” nourished him
The process of understanding will occur mostly before sex
The shining Red Fort in the night lights
Scale inwarrence in International Terrorism.
Device role in the device manager
Killing of Gandhian economy, ignore rural India
his myth, and the mythology that constructed it.
It will sit with those who create wealth.
International Institute on Air quality of city
and they realize that happiness there
Failed to access lock file.
you know how challenging it can be.
or the Voodoo acolytes in Haiti,
Whether the Mozilla style API should be enabled.
Shopping, List, Shopping List, Checklist
I know that there are certain prejudices against me .
Within days of this group being created
♫ Did you bring the bug spray? ♫
We thought it would cost 100 million dollars to build.
The reason is the popularity of Krishna Poem
XDMCP: Could not read XDMCP header!
You can never plan the future by the past.
Completed jobs will no longer be available for re-printing.
And there's a book - John Gartner.
Applied effect: Generate DTMF tones, %.6lf seconds
The center for disease control says
When she become solitude Hanuman gifted Rama's ring to Seeta.
The GPermission object controlling this button
Now when these go out of whack,
I mean, after all, if you look at babies superficially,
Gandhiji was not agree with this thinking
Mumbai South (Lok Sabha constituency)
If this does not blow your mind,
The printer '%s' should be recalibrated soon.
Display notification when a member comes online
Nanobees zap tumors with real bee venom.
Didn't understand ‘%s' (pair must start with a '(')
{0} joined the network {1} and {2} other network
Audacity is based on code from the following projects:
So , what did the Government do ?
Allow mipmaps to be generated for decoration textures
wasn't going to come true.
Pointer to local file (%s) valid at site “%s”
Population growth will mainly occur among the poorest people here,
Popup notifications if the chat isn't focused
Unable to send file to MTP device: %s
Why don ' t you go home ? ”
And then I thought out of curiosity
Move the selected items out of the trash to “%s”
We launched the biggest illegal art exhibition ever.
and a lot less abstract stuff.
Inserts current date and time at the cursor position.
“ Are you asleep ? ”
TD: Of course, I rejoice
and no water is wasted.
And the rationale for this behavior is explicitly religious.
List of airports by ICAO code: Y
or surveys that I've run with groups ranging from
helping these people to speak up their minds,
Instead , they demand :
and they look at this dashboard.
It's about kids. It's about entrepreneurship.
Select an application for software CDs
(Video) Announcer: This is an historic day in January.
For marginal farmers there will be concessions in premium charges.
to make anything a reality,
Allow creation of new user accounts
Damayanti or NalaDamayanti, a love story of Arnik fiesta
Error in reading image DIB.
Import your notes from the Sticky Notes applet.
There is another widespread popular misconception in India .
most people get this sort of generalized generic one.
they were hunters and gatherers,
“It's too good to be true,”
(Additionally, releasing the lock for ‘%s' also failed: %s)
Option '-terse' requires specific '-fields' option values , not '%s'
The rate of this decline increases with age .
which means, effectively, unless something changes,
and they literally missed being killed
Lectures of Swami Vivekanand [Hindi Wikipedia]
led me to a new form,
about complexity we're learning from studying nature
being driven out of existence by identifiable forces
. off-season excise rebate ;
I made this last year, and started receiving
You are now connected to the WiMAX network.
So we have very different seats which adapt
Failed to remove debug report file “%s”
So here's a model where
These places are considered to be of religious importance.
Display the developer reference manual
Nautilus cannot handle “%s” locations.
%s: Unhandled result type %d returned
they might never catch up.
VOZME- vozMe's online text to speech.
official water body of uttar pradesh government
despite an income per capita that's on a par
Because the Koran is quite clear
List of airports by IATA code: Z
Afterwards they are placed within the house .
So what do you think?
in that period, women education was a revolutionary act
“How big will my photo be?”
I will not dance to your drummed-up war.
The bank violated its own sustainability policies in the process,
in places without [many] museums.
Person with the goods, person with the money,
There is a semblance of order here .
Children affected after the first dose of MMR
This includes money for new books for primary schools.
The whole stands on a prominent and well-moulded upa-pitha .
they're for all of us.
The milk-yield is very low .
of algorithms developed by Frank Shen
<li> has wrong type %s
Because, after all, within living memory,
because they were not carrying their papers.
but out of your cells.
Our generation has seen both approaches tried,
Always allow pop-ups from %{HOST}
Any time you have a goal,
Eligibility to apply for a TWES permit
Enable universal access from file URIs
Reset the text to its original size
No other national leader except Nehru shared that concern .
That's a good close-up of that one.
can't find length of file on file descriptor %d
How is a mammogram taken ?
The $1%{CLOUD_PRINT_NAME} connector process has crashed. Restart?
No %s color spaces available
Domain of Mahadevi's work was writting, editing and teaching.
The composition of Harivansh Rai Bachchan in Poem Dictionary
They offer prayers to Goddess Laxmi
THE REPEATED THEMES ARE ONENESS, RELIGIOUS THOUGHT, HEAVEN,HELL,BOLDNESS, RIGHTEOUSNESS
the face of food vulnerability
To save changes to an existing project file, choose <menuchoice><guimenu>File</guimenu><guimenuitem>Save</guimenuitem></menuchoice>.
The language of the article was strident and censorious .
where you can play virtual golf.
Draw the base of the bands
Create a new note in a notebook
The Story of the Three Bears
Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man
The camel 's milk has a pleasant taste .
Languages with official status in India
is a material that we call Frubber,
PNM: File format is not recognized.
Note: You MUST enter a new question code!
Template:Provinces and territories of Canada
Graph color for buffer memory
And that is because it's us. It's private industry.
The British Government did not fulfill their demand.
The main page decorated by Mahadevi Varma's creations
Burning DVD, titled “My Photos”
Fax : 0114 259 1140
How You Can Help Your Children ?
And you think that is not important ! ”
Shatranj ke khiladi in 1977 and Saddati in 1981.
It's often thought that there is no description
An app to develop apps / extensions.
since Raqs Media Collective are really
We pass it down from generation to generation.
So the effect, very quickly,
The remaining wool clip is classed as carpet wool .
Password has been already used. Choose another.
Bug buddy could not be run.
of hail forming, the greens and the turquoise blues.
Unable to scan %s for media changes
Best quality (color on photo paper)
The other thing about Formula 1 in particular
I'm thinking, “Accelerator, break. Accelerator, break.”
often members of the organisation should meet;
Chris Anderson: Fantastic. Just stay up here.
Adds ability to underline text.
You do not need to get any benefits
and it's extremely hard to answer.
they'll tell you their most excruciating experiences
Governors of states of India
John Gartner wrote this book called “The Hypomanic Edge”
Why is this? I used medical college girls.
Could not set signal mask!
Life has no limitations, except the ones you make.
Whether cells should be the same size in all rows
So this is a small crank generator.
Why do you need a compact?
the gift that keeps on giving.
that your insula is going off right now,
And so, Anuj and Acumen
Or when you go to the supermarket
Display text above the video
Kurukshetra : Tha place of battle of Mahabarata.
and find the true source
Short name for this printer such as “laserjet”
Whether calendar from Gnome Calendar has been imported or not
what is that? Is that not corruption?
“In the name of father Abraham,
List of Chief Ministers of West Bengal
in my experience half of them will say Ed Witten.
You can get shot by the hard-headed atheists,
is universally condemned, but ethnocide,
Co2 Tonn per year per person
Compilation of Bachan's great poetry .
for the kind of seismic, terrestrial effects
Lipikaar: Most popular method for typing in Hindi.
You are not currently logged into Yandex.Fotki.
don't tell me hundred ways
So, creativity counts, knowledge matters,
He bit his lips with the urgency of thinking .
Which are known as Ganga dolphin and Iravadi Dolphin.
at the U.C. San Diego.
it has to be solved in countries like India.
Server error. Please try again later.
How it is to be done ;
and wrote “Fallor ergo sum” -
The capital city was alwar
%s through %s has canceled the following shared memo:
is to really remember the central revelation of anthropology,
Click to choose an icon
It 's okay with me . ”
with the same kind of capability for military fighters
- Asian Horse Rider - Horse Ride -Rodio
and reacting to me in real time.
with more than 400 horsepower.
In bagalpur it flows to south over king's palace.
on how far we've come
but as a problem of collective action.
Remember that home measures are usually much more generous.
control is being taken about the increasing wastes in ganga
So, there is only so much one can do
The URI bound to this button
That's why its name is Atharva Veda too.
You have been already removed from this survey.
He didn't want cry in front of me,
It is 40 meters high each.
Pranitha was already raped by three men.
BAA: Yes. What this is really doing is discovering.
Error storing passphrase in keyring (%s)
so that when the unsuspecting insect
without talking about this video I hope.
Business Team 7 (Employers A, C)
GetProperty called w/o valid getter
We've had a rocky relationship with that country
and they cannot obtain the nutrition.
Speaks unicode value of the current flat review character.
share things with each other online.
So, we changed it to Fightin' Splashy.
“%s” doesn't exist. Would you like to create it?
You put it on a cooking fire.
Adds a constraint to the actor
But it's even worse to have an idea
- William Shakespeare, playwright and poet (1564-1616)
Applications that work with “OI Notepad”:
Poetry is what elevates the banal and neglected object
This will remove the tag “%s” from one photo. Continue?
Isn't it beautiful when they get statistics?
Some examples are: <s> (in working days)
Every kind of food or drink is prohibited in Roja.
And since the most sustainable trip
and that's four percent of the universe.
and its 13 thousand amps suddenly encountered electrical resistance.
backward area and we should bring
Take photos with your web cam
like the crackers and don't like the raw broccoli.
Serial ATA RAID %s (%s)
Width of process 'Resident Memory' column
Not expecting control message, but got %d
uneducated, little educated, surplus educated.
Failed to set thread priority %d.
Enable syncing the set of recent favicons.
but still, school was where we wanted to be.
CalDAV does not support bulk removals
AIDS, pneumonia - I can just see you're getting excited,
Vijay Anand (Hindi film maker)
Every child should learn about traffic before going to school.
but now only 7-8 thousand are available.
or design and architecture community.
Allow all incoming SMB/CIFS browse packets
Now I think that the potential is there,
They typed it into Google, translated it into Italian,
Why did they create a system like that?
Read and play with the story
So if we take some outbound path -
And we're starting to make our way.
Google Japanese Input (for US Dvorak keyboard)
“ Well , Miss Capulet ?
and about 200 in winter
Create a new empty file inside this folder
which came from a squatter camp outside Durban.
Pilot a submarine using air tanks and dive rudders
Display notification when the connection is lost
Enable Online Wallet production service
Error talking to PackageKit: %s
They draft and edit their writing .
Timeout for marking message as seen.
Simple and easy to use note-taking
In Suratgarh this scenery could be seen even now.
but as a complex web of cultural barriers
A heart that loves never grows old.
which Egyptians have proven to be true,
Failed to query content type for '%s'
Communist Party of India (Maoist)
Intimacy ☻☻☻☻☻Depth of Penetration ☻☻☻☻☺Mobility of Intromission ☻☻☻☻
Disable the per application sorting mode of the launcher.
- Lucius Annaeus Seneca, Roman Philosopher
the value to the city in increased property values
Diwali the collection of celebrations
%s: Could not read Connection Type
“ You ' re not !
KEY The key within the schema
you know, aligning the joints, and those kinds of things.
Ramcoomar Dey was discharged without any punishment .
I must be entitled to this reward from society?”
No Surveys available - please create one.
“Empire,” the key text of left-fascism.
Enable RLZ tracking on %{SHORT_PRODUCT_OS_NAME}.
Host name for HTTPS requests
That meant he was instantly killed
Error while saving song information
have said exactly what I wanted to say.
Dry water body. Children are standing on
Climate changes is the reason for Earth's shape to change
and we might find it too easy.
60 minutes 30 minutes 15 minutes 10 minutes 05 minutes
Moving from a home that is too big for you
Failing to plan is planning to fail.
Years 3 and 4 <s> 1.5 hours a week
to acquire information to students,
might be surprised to see how many scripts there are
Otherwise our minds are like sieves.
The domain of Rajasthan is Republic India's biggest state|
As per consensus 2000, the population of Agra is 1,259,979.
Series: President of United States
To observe without evaluating is the highest form of intelligence.
x264 preset and tuning selection
International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems
Invalid array index definition '%*s'
to build a self-driving car that could navigate a desert.
Let me show you the next slide.
An eight-year-old telling his elder sister what to do.
All colors run, none of us solid.
There is already a group with this name
Force use of generic IDE driver
You should not be Sisyphus,
File enumerator is already closed
democracy looks very, very good
Agra's another world monument is Agra fort.
The machine name to proxy secure HTTP through.
In new Suburb areas modern buildings are more seen.
Things your council needs to know about you
this particular recession is going to be old news.
we can see that things are starting to become
Love is the keyword .
Think back for a moment to elementary school.
Error return with body of type ‘%s'
on 10 muharram Shia people will keep mourning.
Client or desktop application mostly properly installed on the computer.
List of open-source healthcare software
Marketing of Fruit and Vegetables
S. R. Bommai v. Union of India
hoping that your sex cells, your male sex cells,
The science and basic knowledge of Air Quality.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
PKCS #1 SHA-384 With RSA Encryption
“You've given us a machine that works only in English,
and this democracy was stolen from us
the natural form of the interface,
But yeah, it's all there.
Error accessing database file: %s Error was: %s
He must go on .
The royal class is made
“ Say something ! ”
Wave effect from window title
Sundar Kaand. (A chapter of Hindu Holy book Ramayana)
Whenever they do anything, you just say,
Password for %s in a form in %s
western and central part is open place.
Suropiy Commission> Environment > Air > Air Quality
Copy calendar contents locally for offline operation
Click button to choose profile
Where do refugee hearts go?
What are the main treatment options?
I didn't know how to look at them.
Unable to lock camera: %s
I don't want this thing to break in 20 pieces
Islam believes in One God Theory.
Curious encounters were happening to me at the time;
a lot of them have said
And so, if anyone in this room
Mumbai is the birth place of Indian films.
The command of the launcher is not set.
Even his place of birth is shrouded in mystery .
I have work to do.”
They should cover at least the following:
think the silk route, think the Appalachian trail -
Whether the actor has been realized
Access and organize your files.
And so I became the head of neurophysiology
How to claim see page 30. <s> Jobseeker Interviews
After this highest feeling with be awakened
Beneath this is the grave of Mumtaz.
dive down into the water - cold, cold water -
In the 1930s, Freud told us all
in order to probe the cosmos
Please enter the new password for this network.
you make a pentagon, you make a hexagon,
The offset in pixels to apply to the binding
But the technologies are getting better,
- and how to behave.
was the very key thing.
It is important that you have your say .
that I think about whenever I think about
you're living in some kind of spiritual wasteland
Income Expenditure is described in a Budget.
I came across a great quote recently from Abraham Lincoln,
Optimism is man's passport to a better tomorrow.
They called for a more radical policy and leadership .
Installing the right codecs for DVD playback
Problem moving {0} to the build folder
So Basava took out a procession of onions .
The other things that religions do
Special sutr their are two difference 1. parliament special sutr.
of ourselves in much greater detail.
And I started getting some comments and some letters
My first meeting with her, Diana -
Enter new passphrase for '%s'
in the earphones that are in her ears.
List of dams and reservoirs in India
We have to move to a model
Exceptional circumstances may sometimes prevent these standards being met .
you are caring for someone who is ill or disabled
Basava was a keen observer of life and nature .
have been done with the help of motion capture systems.
and can therefore be prevented by machines?
Error: No access point with BSSID '%s' found.
You can get information on them from other leaflets:
is analogous to treating a patient with a heart problem
into the religious and the atheists.
That was only the early skirmish .
The prisoner's dilemma is actually a story that's overlaid
He asked for the dead body of Gopinath and thencementrated.
banking service and organization amendment act 1978
developing countries' moneys - to get that sent back.
How do they do it?
Again, the Republicans here, this shouldn't be partisan.
Papers and writings on Universal terrorism.
Extra spacing applied to the height of a progress bar.
<span weight=“bold”>Sent and Draft Messages</span>
This drop target only supports local files.
was the overmedications of these drugs,
This duty-respecter enhance people to do their service duties
For more information , contact your social security office .
The direct route to which he invited the leadership that
This helped in standardising high Hindi .
The distance between clicks necessary to detect a multiple click
libisofs could not be initialized.
in which he reached out to the Muslim world -
Click on the black duck
sub-Saharan Africa is far more important.
And better performance in business in turn benefits consumers.
Visited Barcelona in June 1938 , saw air raids .
Further information 22 <s> Introduction
2013: Markus Beisicht, German activist
I may , who knows , alter my views .
We had a team of fellows in Boston last year
such as, “I really want to run this marathon,
Mountain Time - west Northwest Territories
- H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Jawahar Lal Nehru was its president.
And then there's a very small group.
and those moments are always, always, always fleeting.
How to set up HACCP for your business
I said, “Yes, they made the blueprints,
Save a copy of the current document
Occurrences when an extension was uninstalled
and then I heard about this terrible thing
can't close file descriptor %d
and these can be plugged.
Start the PulseAudio Sound System
Unexpected amount of data after encrypting.
It is directly elected by the people .
Where do I send the application form?
unsafe power or lighting sockets or electrical fittings ;
The requested resource was not found: %s
who went down to Africa in the 1900s.
I suggested that babies might be doing the same thing.
The “second” document contains no text.
of this huge number of atoms looked like.
But there was little awareness of such a need .
all those 7,500 jobs go away too,
and I started in the context
* Founder/owner runs it - support a small business
Invalid WM_TRANSIENT_FOR window 0x%lx specified for %s.
Animation file is not of type %ld.
on conflict resolution. And I did this with them.
for an evening of conversation
Money is not a goal.
that their uses start permeating society.
Color to use for worm
that is the patient going into cardiac arrest.
You'll never find Indian women so precise.
Run junk test on incoming mail.
in the end the friend nations won the war
It doesn't mean you have to get through school.
Failed to drain stream: %s
Now, the Africa Progress Panel, led by Kofi Annan,
than the story we're going to tell about it later.
“ Men , ” said the fox .
CA: Is it unrealistic for them
One woman searches rubble. One woman feeds on trash.
The High Line used to be covered in billboards,
and from understanding how much of it is transmitted,
I.M.I for hindi and indian languages
at a very rapid pace.
Invalid ltype “%s” on <%s>
by pinning down meanings of their own.
is tied to your liberation as a woman. (Applause)
and then you respond to it.
A life lived in fear is half lived.
Do I need to scan my emails for viruses?
The SoupMessage that backs the response.
And what if there's no GPS?
The city was still sleeping .
<b>%s</b> through %s has canceled the following meeting:
Your ego and enmity will vanish wholly
Error writing to cache stream:
the customer, his family, his team, his boss.
Interesting where it came from.
a piece of the divine soul.
very aware their children are going down for the count.
removeCode: internal error.. could not find code
Adding #include <%s> to profile.
Edit default answers for this question
Suppress the dialog to confirm logout, restart and shutdown action
or that in the Himalaya,
when an adult influences them to behave that way,
how can you be harmed?
%d package will be upgraded
Both GSM and CDMA services are avialable in the city.
And do you realize that almost all of those
It's not about compliance. It's about setting,
Bacchanji is one of the most popular Hindi poet.
Today, three years later, the company has employed
where they find a place, organize volunteers,
I do have a plan,
File “%s” could not be opened (%s)
You must select at least one data type to sync.
Random by time since last play and rating
Could not send the search request
His voice was familiar .
Could not authenticate to server.
Valid from %{START_DATE_TIME} to %{END_DATE_TIME}
and came back like a tiger.
Bachhan has attained M.A degree twice.
until she pays it back. (Laughter)
Also post this review to %s (@%s)
for the Motion Picture Association of America,
There was an error launching the keyboard tool: %s
Reset your Launchpad Login Service password
Children takes joy of various kinds of firework items.
of a map just by pinching all present.
we need to be aware
List of cities in Italy
And most viewers liked what they saw .
Indigenous peoples of the Americas
View the output produced by the last executed command
Consumer education is a top priority .
Applications that work with “OI File Manager”:
Each Samity was under one leader .
properly explain what is called normal matter -
but they're quite normal for the child there,
Lead Emission is fall down from 98% .
List of airports by IATA code: B
Failed to copy file from CD-ROM. Retry?
Nepal's total area is 147181 sq.km
when a bunch of cartoonists in Denmark
“Excuse me, what is the name of this street?”
The tradition of sermonizing is hugely valuable,
and they know what motivates them to make change.
%s at the end of the appointment
to elect the president,speaker and vice president it participate
We need to reframe the challenge that is facing Africa
However you are not permitted to see my private items.
So he does it again.
And I know 200, I know about the small data.
and make a best guess prediction.
The URL “%s” is not valid, please check it.
What I got is basically a gesture interface device
2006 Western & Southern Financial Group Masters
Hope born of despair is evident elsewhere too .
who wrote a dissertation about it
Import bookmarks from HTML file...
Greenpeace was thrilled. The whales were happy. That's a quote.
I said, “Stand behind them.
Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep%3F
“ Goodbye , ” he said .
It's called the Quadro 2000 Dowser Rod.
His name was Joseph .
Gandhi was married in 1881 to Kasturbai .
Profile doesn't conform to protocol
It was a rare gem,
TD: So, even though I'm somewhat happy
Nevertheless the experience was intoxicating .
Life - Don't keep it to yourself
Amar Singh gate, Agra Fort
the history of modern Hindi verses
for everyone on the ship.
SIGNAL message: PATH, INTERFACE or MEMBER header field is missing
- Create and modify an archive
The file exists. Do you want to overwrite?
These are formidable weapons of offence .
And therefore, there are times when you're facing the INCA,
And therefore less juice into the task,
And this happens several thousand times each year.
It was a new structure that colonialism evolved .
That rotten box of tricks .
The timeline of the animation
Film and Television Institute of India
General time for loading in a drive
Pakistan and state sponsored terrorism
The GdkFont that is currently selected
“ You must have been dreaming .
[Right now, it's hard to see ...]
Error getting writable attributes: %s
You may wish to take advice on this .
the fifth stage was on 15th April 1949.
The Englishman was disappointed .
even if you don't believe any of it.
Whether focus rectangles are currently visible in this window
that I'm giving for the very first time, so -
Did not make dub of pahalu at water .
“If you prick us, do we not bleed,
Faces are important for us socially.
And the proponents of this theory
And that led to all kinds of things,
- Sam Walton, Founder of Wal-Mart
See you in the future. Thank you.
International Civil Aviation Organization airport code
if we can imagine it, why not make it so?
in this session subhash babu's Presidential address was very effective
And they did things like train Americans
Delay (in ms) between each rain-drop
Could not get image height (bad TIFF file)
Spacing in pixels between the icon and label
Well this is what it's all about,
and there the actual code of the attack starts.
and you're on your mobile device,
These girls are also working in big construction companies
Show human readable output on stdout
this idea of Abrahamic hospitality
if he were alive today,
Why do we pay so much attention to this conflict?
and it attracts lots of pollinators,
Let's rebrand global warming, as many of you have suggested.
What am I doing? Why would I do this?”
Even when the Centres are closed we provide a service.
In senate there is a provision of nominated member.
“Do you want some?” meant one of two things:
they let the world become very good at it.
Create and modify an archive
Can't enqueue and replace at the same time
Each slice is related to the opposite one.
And if the story is a good one,
Death takes place within 36 hours .
Execution of filter '%s' failed:
I hesitated to use the word evil on camera .
When the man is on top
Disable Chrome Office Viewer component extension
and checking out which book it is.
Among those most of were abducted and forcefully kept there.
That's because the two countries
Unable to open a folder for %s
Can you imagine, you've got the dollar on view
There is no any temporary influence of debt.
that are commonplace in the richer world
A bookmark for URI '%s' already exists
Vocabulary uni-code based English- Hindi dictionary (off-line)
“I have observed that the furthest planet has three bodies.”
Do you or your partner get:
Do not contact the offender direct.
and you're helping to come up with solutions.
This Vow is called Roza
There is already a user with this login
What if my roommate knew about the female lawyer
at first it's very bizarre.
Oxytocin can bias people to favor their own group
This has made it something that everybody wants to learn.
“”Samdarsi Hai Maan Tumharau, Soi Paar Karau“”
Unable to read hash data file
what are you doing in this village?
and if people make trade-offs
How to claim see page 18.
Valid from %{START_DATE_TIME} to %{END_DATE_TIME}
So here's where you come in.
and go up by 100 percent
3. Judges do not rule for a service
but the aarya aggressive speech is discriminatory
J. M. G. Le Clézio
Unable to connect to MTP device
The underlying Cogl material handle used to draw this actor
it is a platform for hope and cooperation
grow and develop and become better than the previous ones.
No “%s” attribute on element <%s>
%{TITLE} is using your microphone.
are coming at the cost
Failed to fork child process (%s)
We did this with 15 and 18 month-old babies.
%d Orca default shortcut found.
Number of photos in burst mode.
He was an actor. You saw him act.
Diwali,Holi,Eid,Christmas,Navratri,Dusshera,Durgapuja,Mahashivratri,Muharram etc are the principal festivals.
Stage 7 : Full system review
They are more peace-loving and humane .
and make a decision to buy it.
Kabir was a saint, poet and social worker.
Garstin Bastion Road, New Delhi
So we made that focus diagram.
because the largest drug cartel controls it.
and learn about this relationship
and all the women said, “Clear out.
who understand what is going on.
For intelligent design creationists, it's the end of the chain.
Failed getting Release signature file ${SUBST0}.
Her fathers name was Ratri Simha.
This one's clever. It's called obsidian.
where the camera has made him invisible.
So one of the problems with these small robots
Specified owner '%s' doesn't exist
Karma is the fundamental law of the moral world .
You are not allowed export a label set!
You can see the happy face on Mars, there.
that really marry the organic to the industrial,
Change pan on focused track
and these things have all been related spatially.
Click to choose an icon
is the dairy industry -
till they teach them how to say, “Sir, yes, sir,”
He cut it into pieces and threw it away .
This republic is governed on the basis of Indian constitution.
Here's an example of a symbol that was predicted.
Your wishes will be respected .
Hindi translator and Vartani tester.
and helps us live our lives.
They used a cycle, they put together a breathing apparatus.
that are commonly associated with our skin
Aid is the bad instrument, and do you know why?
It has that sort of puckered lips, 1940s-era look.
there's been development in this field.
Look up in address books
The result of the operation {0} / {1} is {2:##0.###}
PLAYWORK: OUT-OF-SCHOOL CLUBS AND HOLIDAY PLAY SCHEMES
Show process 'User' column on startup
List of districts of India
a trick with a twist
Channel map doesn't match sample specification
%b %-d %Y at %-I:%M %p
We often use a term called bylaws.
Number of uncorrectable ECC errors
Break speech into chunks between pauses
their yields have gone up two-, three-, fourfold
Maximum sum value of multiple numeric input
diet that we've found that can reverse heart
And so - this is an over-simplification -
Hamachi version {0} is obsolete
History of “Run Application” dialog
Central Electronics Engineering Research Institute
Princess Royal Trust for Carers ( PRTC )
great fun for children to do.
List of Bollywood films of 2010
and we sang, with a childlike heart,
Windows that should be positioned in specific viewports by default
Move %d item to trash
Then-presumably-the proverbial cell phones began ringing .
to the collective relief of the entire city of Atlanta.
and it is Hindu religion
The sculpture could now be entirely soft,
Its inevitable for every muslim to accept this.
Girl: 581. This house is 581 ...
All this junctions are considered religiously holy.
The Gotcha morality of the tabloids will say dammit .
Choosing books - help is at hand
Some papers tell that sun's contribution has been estimated less.
Helplessly they shrugged their shoulders .
What is my position ?
But managing the tourism market in a way
India national field hockey team
he said, “Dad?” I went, “Yes, mate?”
Sálim Ali Centre for Ornithology and Natural History
There are many specialties in the energy received from sun.
doodling should be leveraged in precisely those situations
how curious their culture is.”
” Listen to your heart .
The hour-long class is a must .
Please download Hamachi and follow the installation instructions.
The Gatekeeper cleared the call
or for Ted Bundy to be really wrong about
is just such an authentic person.
Acts to conserve-forests have been enforced .
And technology has set us free.
when it comes to quality, we have put in
In south India Vijaynagar Empire got strong.
then the cell fires in both place
Always allow %{HOST} to set cookies
Kinnarayya had a weakness for onions .
Reconnect automatically when the connection is lost
Sometimes his back nobody is rajanikidh willing to go.
The folder contents could not be displayed
Basit and Amjad; they are still there.
National Institute of Mental Health and Neurosciences
What ' s he keeping on about ? ”
Can't find AppArmor profiles in %s.
Suggested steps for control of hyperlipidaemia are as follows :
Run command as a login shell
and a neocortex is a viable combination.
When will what end , young man ? ”
This will normally be an appropriate senior official.
Subscribe to Other User's Tasks
To Auntie in the country .
Memory allocation failed - NewSamples
There is a need for more research, professionally carried out.
The other thing we do
And at the same time,
Initialization vector generation algorithm for this partition:
Spare the Air Program (California)
proposers seemed to innately know this
Bhishma and Drona are killed.
Default zoom level used by the compact view.
I think it was Sir Ken Robinson, was it?
- Lin Yutang, writer and translator (1895-1976)
What exactly happened on July 25 ?
Number of hours elapsed in the power-on state
I spent about seven years during the Vietnam War
It's gone from socialist Tanzania into capitalist Tanzania,
Failed to read PID from lock file.
List of airports by ICAO code: B
has made a very interesting observation:
Palette to use in the color selector
of every interesting part of the Earth, collected
Children affected after the natural disease
Volume group name already in use
Error copying mail temp file: %s
Time ended = %2d hour(s), %2d minute(s), %.2f seconds.
Macquarie Island Station, Macquarie Island
The cars are part of the vice-president 's convoy .
If Bandwidth is higher then Internet speed will be higher.
Something that seems in short supply
The outcome was known before the trial could start .
from one of these cells to the next cell
And as I grew up, it became worse and worse,
it's something we knew how to do.
So we decided to take portraits
It's a civilizational story to begin with.
Stage 3 : Drawing up a flow diagram .
our house as well …
See also in Hindi Wiki- dictionary
The MIME type of the resource
Whether tree lines should be drawn in the tree view
Please insert a disc holding data.
we can actually change how our genes are expressed.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel National Police Academy
have been working on creating
One is, the secret to peace
It was only by the turn of the century
There's the former Soviet megalomaniacs.
Google Chrome is unresponsive. Relaunch now?
continuous watery secretion from vagina
Are you sure you want to open $1%{TABCOUNT} tabs?
Unexpected error in g_io_channel_win32_poll() reading data from a child process
Format part as plain text
that had a majority of deaths resulting from surgery
Visit the DTI National Minimum Wage website at : www.dti.gov.uk/er/nmw
2. The codes and evidences acts are not applicable
it is affordable, it is energy-efficient.
And I shared their bread and their prayer.
Save a copy of the currently playing movie
in whatever language you happen to speak.
The remaining residual power is ordained with the Parliament.
Can't initialize zlib inflate stream.
In dreams, we enter a world that's entirely our own.
the Watergate hearings and then the feminist movement.
Change the rating of your photo
All the books from Bait al-Hikma library,
What has Appachan done? Appachan, unfortunately, is no more,
but as individual customers, consumers, clients,
That means 15th chapter will be called as Surat 15.
Doubts, Illusion, Jealousy and Disappointments of universe manifests in it.
Ghanaian businessmen, South African enterprising leaders,
about leaving your front lawn open,
So one has got to discover a certain wholeness.
it would have been done in Texas.
“You should stay right here in your seats,
They are shaping our very desires.
and ask me to do it again.
Empty all Junk folders when exiting Evolution.
We spend roughly 60 percent of our communication time listening,
Show warnings after every statement.
See pages 57-59 on private sales.
Would you like to close the message window?
See page 29 <s> If in doubt seek further advice.
and, you know, it was Middle East Day or something.
and how it can be realized on a two-dimensional surface.
And I ' m … ”
Always use the location entry, instead of the pathbar
Mere Yaar Ki Shaadi Hai
The groundwater is 300 feet deep, 100 meters.
He appointed Officer- Rajyapal in each provincies captured by him
Apply Automatic Acoustic Management Settings
Turn screen reader on or off
How would you like to handle photos and videos?
Kinnauri This is commonly spoken in the Kinnaur region .
They had a capital investment of Rs 17.50 crores .
you can see that the plate of the Mercedes
Does the seller really own the car ?
So we now know of nine cities
They were the products of the revolution .
Use the New Tab page
Not created by the printing press,
Outside it was night .
XML files (*.xml)|*.xml|All files (*.*)|*.*
“ You ' re talking like Schweik . ”
Please enter this passkey on “%{DEVICENAME}”:
Sometimes , extremely exaggerated ages are attributed to elephants .
Category: Languages of the world
Enter application id or webstore URL.
No matching page found yet
This is a HyDRAS's arm.
Look, the homes are full of machines;
You can take those great courses and make them available
Copy the selected folder into another folder
… Just suppose … It was no good ;
Choose one of the predefined formats or use your own.
Note that this option is only supported by GNU diff
Insulin potency is measured in units .
Adjusts the saturation of the picture coming from the camera
He tossed his golden curls in the breeze .
but it proved what we had long suspected,
The first one I'm going to talk about is
Sulfur, chlorine and particulate ash produced due to volcanic activity
The app wants these scopes:
so they can promote a healthy gut flora.
Display Audio Unit effects in graphical mode
Now I did have an advantage.
is to understand their potential.
and you can see what it looks like.
Connection sharing via a protected WiFi network
Hopefully, you'll see the film,
Configure what gets logged in your Zeitgeist activity log
that maybe are applicable to other problems.
Create links for phone numbers and email/street/web addresses
Capture part of a project window
Remington : Based on krutidev font.
A secondary connection of the base connection failed
by resorting to a series of unfortunate assumptions.
that can help us understand one another better.
Spacing around check or radio indicator
<b>%s</b> configuration for profile <b>%s</b>
The Evolution calendar has quit unexpectedly.
Mozilla Contacts CSV or Tab (.csv, .tab)
Depending , of course , on your own interests .
So it's important for us,
sita's separation song and other collection of that times
He could hear her breath by his side .
Unfortunately , that did n't happen .
What do you think they're feeling?
upon which to judge our balance.
Congested link to remote party
National Institute of Technology, Jamshedpur
just then, an orthodox person killed Alirajhi in 661.
we don't live in the center of the galaxy
The brisket should be wide and fleshy .
Error code present in the policy response
Could you please come to Ohio,
actually those tiny differences between you and I
and we're production and marketing.
Drive %s is not a recorder
Why? Because they want to leave the village
Bipin Chandra Tripathi Kumaon Engineering College
This is ayahuasca, which many of you have heard about,
And they've started doing DNA tests on kids
But tell me, advertising for what?
It was like leaving our mark on society,
Beep when a key is rejected
Comma separated list of languages to use for spell checking
Whether the application has a selection
“ You talk just like the grown-ups ! ”
In this action both partners enjoy sexually.
that I put on earlier.
It's like a death of a relative,
The Second of May 1808
in india he took a right decession
Maybe, “How about I take my digital world
When these myriad cultures of the world
So we try and get rid of those,
reduce animal testing and human testing in clinical trials,
And he studied Alzheimer's patients
rather than be this great country of intrigue
sat:Agra and term associated territory.
Probably it consists of about two thousand words .
Failed to write '%s' to SpamAssassin:
And this is happening more and more.
that uses a radioactive tracer
You have been successfully removed from this survey.
good properties of air and general knowledge
And it allowed them to fail,
Threats and physical violence 8
Default color of text in the terminal
even as a very small step.
The history of the 100 last calls
The result could only be described as disastrous .
Whatever made Sen join it ?
law, terrorism and national security, one oath of thousands
Success consists of a series of little daily victories.
Could not go online in the network “{0}”
The problem is these are arousal addictions.
Sebaceous prominences is the matter will be cause the matter
Everything in this world exists in Africa. And you can't
Write a story that your child has told you .
that wonderful coffee you've been drinking downstairs,
“%s” expects two or three arguments
By Sayantan Chakravarty Coincidences rarely get more intriguing .
Come to the subtext and read the motives .
Mumbai is one of the world's top ten economic centers.
I work with really amazing,
Where to get help and advice
the gap between these two worlds,
We have to deal with the inexorable separation of death,
Effect of the Delete key
why not in the Middle East?
The bowstring is a hemp or leather strap .
Kahin Pyaar Na Ho Jaaye (2000 film)
make better places, they can help us lead better lives.
we want to have full size, autonomous humanoid robots
thought the bowler was bowling fast.
that they outweigh the downside of doing the opposite,
One wants to say, “Nonsense. Why not?”
Do not enforce key name restrictions
The Khan Academy is most known
This ZIP archive contains no valid template files. Import failed.
Flag of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
And then I asked myself the question.
while watching the clock ticking,
Q . Are you excited about returning to India ?
Specify a list of enabled plugins
Before, this arrangement was work oriented.
that I develop robots that are characters,
China is world's most populated country
in which the city itself may have been the culprit.
Politicians have short memories .
Your data should be imported now.
That's why government set him free.
Those names should be changed and truncated to 64 characters.
%s has proposed the following meeting changes:
to all the beliefs I hold,
And she repurposes them with frills and ribbons,
Do this by following the arrangements made by the school.
indian govt's doordarshan& other networks starrt from here
They have a demand that they are ruling from years.
The reason is obvious .
chopsticks - according to one Japanese anthropologist
Islamabad prefers an ethnically riven neighbour .
when I didn't have any work.
I have never yet told this story .
of being normal American citizens,
I truly believe it's where dignity starts.
Sub-provincial divisions in the People's Republic of China
Veda is the name of old Hindu sacred texts.
Why do they carry on sniffing ?
4. No one can appeal against their decision.
You did not accept the terms of use.
but do not, in fact, match
Whether to use proxy for HTTP requests.
In spite of a very tragic life,
Current text of the buffer
Ammonia (NH3) released from agricultural procedures.
Could not set as background
for all the new immigrants to Canada.
Use New Tab Page as homepage
World Network of Biosphere Reserves
and I looked at my income tax return
intimacy is entered deeply while entering its slowness
for this reason only they have beared
Meat, fish and eggs are also taken.
The trasilators should be an understadable.
missing terminating ] for character class
Websearch: Search in Many Indian languages including Hindi.
Through our subconscious, in your dreams,
There are twenty three thousand hymns in Vishnu Puran.
Set the rating of the current song
And here is the real deal. Here's what I believe.
I said, “No, I want to take this woman.”
The URI request that is associated with this navigation
The knob would not give .
and that epiphany I talked about
There is not misled by desires
His father ' s ears had not deceived him .
There is variety as well as job satisfaction .
We hope you will help .
An invalid drag type was used.
List of state and union territory capitals in India
It all came back to her .
Having a sense of awareness
Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time
You might have seen images about the post-election violence
We actually have the technology and systems.
Load files from the last session
What are you feeling and thinking
He was awarded with Padma Vibhushan is the year 2009.
Object that controls the property (normally a widget)
Okay, so the great majority of us.
Anunad - Online magazine of chaurichaura.com
Now many of them are intensely dramatic.
The eastern side of Rajasthan is fertile from the beginning.
when the Indian television soap opera,
Illuminate the room with this color on shutdown
I actually smelt someone with some on earlier.
One is the question of education.
Indian Institute of Science Education and Research, Pune
Of these Lahadi is a popular one .
He was remembered by hindi scholars of all times. w
“No, my daughter, she's coming in the Buick.
Restrict Native Client GDB-based debugging by pattern
Subscribe to the mailing list this message belongs to
For this reason government released hi.
Referrer URL will be saved.
April 1983: 63 dead at the U.S. embassy in Beirut.
So what we're saying is that scalability
The title of the font selection dialog
These magazines decided not to publish any thing onMr Bachan
What would our ancestors 10,000 years ago
Insert Face picture by default
Enter new passphrase used to protect the data
which is highest there, Poland, Russia, Pakistan and South Africa.
How to complain <s> Where to get help
Death of Dhuryodhana and the end of Mahabharth war.
that the only thing that matters in my life
“ I never used to be … ”
where we could come across works
Overall brightness of your LED stripes
So there's a critical window of opportunity we
At that time, a large amount of money
Certain solitary bees establish their brood nests in mud-cliffs .
Expected version “%{EXPECTED_VERSION}”, but version was “%{NEW_ID}”.
by taking this piece of steel - solid steel -
what they're willing to share.
the fulfillment of chayavadi poets was very important
In fact, they're a ton of fun.
They was first prime minister of independent India.
deep inside a village in Tamil Nadu, India,
murder of Dhuryodhana By Bhimsen.
Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited
all you can do, like a farmer,
AG: Brilliant. Thank you for asking a question
“ He is sick , ” answered Channa .
Masjid is the Muslim's holly place.
So we have a very focused, purpose-driven kind of attention.
.Here the important languages are Urdu, Sindhi,Bluchi and Posto.
are lazy, irresponsible dimwits -
Online conversion of Hindi Text into Speech by VozMe
See which notes link to the one you're currently viewing.
Failed to create connection to server '%s' on topic '%s'
And that's because most people with decision-making powers,
and looking for new solutions, a cross sector, is now.
Faqir Aziao - Din was Akbar's advisor|
Quran is such a book which brought reveloution
and I used to joke around about having a
and intelligent beings there are thinking about, you know,
The jurisdiction of the court was not limited .
Settings for the main interface
But what a game we had, M. S. Dhoni
Display slider min and max value
So it all ends well,
lipik.in- Easy method to type in Hindi.
What scripts could you have written
Tea plantation turned into a mania .
Console for device type '%s' not yet supported
“ And are you happy with me ? ”
Error copying host CPU: %s
This not victory of Parsia but was victory of Islam
State of the judiciary are three types Petean
and it makes it more and more beautiful
This policy has been deprecated.
the information was inside my house
Especially at “ zero interest ” .
Minimum value of the numeric input
Previous session is set to be finished.
Registry key '%s' does not exist, cannot rename it.
Tum Se Achcha Kaun Hai
if you're not familiar with it already.
Yoram Hazony of the Shalem Center, Jerusalem.
So much for social commitment .
Can't delete track with active audio
PKCS #1 MD4 With RSA Encryption
region of terron and while this the francici kranti
Set to true to enable the on-screen keyboard.
Performances other than those on the dance floor ?
Failed to open file %s : %s
Where is the soldier in each son?
and the hawk-moth spreads the pollen somewhere else.
The thing about the autistic mind
No culture, no nation, and nationalism,
But one day she would really come .
We need to see what they can do for us.
failed to allocate image buffer of %u byte
Disable HTML5 camera in WebUI.
Hide the titlebar during maximization
Switch to workspace below the current workspace
The thing that underpinned this
There was an error copying the file into %F.
Darn, the kiosk application could not be launched.
Disallow keyboard/pointer input from clients
Food aid coming in every year
Minute the workday ends on, 0 to 59.
More children in inner city areas try solvents.
Indian states ranking by household size
Unable to load image-loading module: %s: %s
This includes President, Vice President , Ministers, and chief justice.
what they sense from their neighbors.
Failed to decrypt the private key: %s / %s.
Where could he go back to ?
it's got to be the shortest form of the game.
Available extensions for “OI Shopping List”:
I think I understood you to say that you could
and there are many surprises -
The <application>Glade</application> window contains the following elements:
But issue did not end with elections.
There is nothing to save.
what I call our new burden of knowledge.
Immediately hide items checked off.
And this is how you make a valve.
I removed the microphone from that,
50 Most Influential women of india by Inder Gupta(ISBN 81-88086-19-3)
So we decided to paste white,
And so these findings I think are really very powerful
main movies:past movies(1951)and past memory(1953)
No value set for '%s/enabled'
“ Like who ? ”
The divisions of The Vedas
because he was, in fact, dyslexic.
Encrypt notes created in “OI Notepad”.
And as it moves around,
Decrease gain on focused track
Icon name to use for greeter logo
This is our star. This is our Sun.
You have to specify a sample name to play
7 . Take the needle out of the bottle .
So this is what I'm doing now.
TRUE if the window should receive the input focus.
A monk dressed in black came to the gates .
as the generation that got online,
Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles
the care of your baby.
Please specify a folder name
No carrier could be established
A regular dental visit may include the following :
Could not parse S/MIME message: %s
Let me see how things move in the courts .
<b>%s</b> through %s has declined the following assigned task:
According to prime minister government.
Could not load '%{IMAGEPATH}' for theme.
Copy of survey is completed.
a DDEML application has created a prolonged race condition.
is the answer to the future
you are going to attract other happy people to you.
in the Fifth Century B.C., was essentially an art form
in situations they do control
but at anytime we can connect to anyone we want.
Cabinet head is prime minister
There are three opinions about who can be these deities
1996 Monte Carlo Open - Singles
When the wind is blowing,
Select one or more audio files...
Once persons eye site will be diffrent to other
You need to be logged in.
It was the only one I had at that time.
This slum is also becoming the tourist point
btrfs root file system not supported without separate /boot
They can also provide services for you .
There was criticism too because they said,
It describes “”Atman“” or soul being different from body.
the chance to be part
you're essentially effectively increasing the inertia,
Israel Trade Fairs & Convention Center
instead of giving them the fish.
Show provider headers when proposals from multiple providers are available
and in some countries up to 11 percent,
The Applet's containing Panel's orientation
Use an image's alpha channel as a transparency mask.
A second reason has to do with peer pressure.
such as Human Development Index,
If true, display seconds in time.
How does it feel - emotionally -
Enter name of new chain
where to store the gschemas.compiled file
And then God looked to the future and realized that,
Indian Institute of Technology (BHU) Varanasi
in every breath that we take.
The URI '%s' contains invalidly escaped characters
The entire amount may come under tax .
There are no contracts, no written contracts.
Diwali signifies emergence of light from darkness
that directionality is a very key aspect of linguistic scripts.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. 0123456789
So, Greenpeace actually wasn't that crazy about it,
Unknown error executing child process “%s”
MAPI is not initialized or connected
Uttar Pradesh can be divided into three parts.
If certain benefits stop because of work
Let Chromium run in the background
on the Internet across generations -
It's like one plus one is equal to two.
that I have pancreatic cancer,
there would be no more Silicon Valley,
Fifth phase, 15 April 1949.
A virtual tour of Taj Mahal on internet.
to a company that, guess what, yeah,
His house name was Narendra dutta.
I remember my first fire.
Do you want to be a publisher,
{0} came online in the network {1}
for something called dark matter.
Draupadi was insulted and pandavas were sent to jungle.
where literally everybody is graded,
Change before you have to.
What determines the types and distributions
If YES to one, claim Child Benefit.
The cells are kind of homesick;
You can pause the game with 'P'.
Toggle the display of hidden files in the current window
Import of Survey is completed.
to just be able to traffic one signal
Maximum centuries in a test match.(47)
You may say this is not fair,
And I got some sort of satisfaction
And when you take a photograph with a camera,
of distinguishing between legal and illegal copying
The buffalo-bullock is an animal of strength .
Not at all . ”
Could not delete network “{0}”
He was infected by tuberculosis.
You know, we just celebrated, this year, our general elections,
and start browsing those photos
Next thing we have to do,
Allow the screensaver to activate when playing audio
Less than 1 in a million
Look all around again and listen .
Audio Mahabharata; Part-2 (Google book)
Show process dependencies in tree form
that's been viewed four million times.
They never have meatas cow is the god for hindus
Initial Period (before the year 1400)
Never prompt or start programs on media insertion
and nothing ever went back to them.
globaloney can be very harmful to your health.
But the alchemist continued to look to the horizon .
Battery charge time is estimated
6-8 months, they're totally equivalent.
Remya Jose has developed ...
And human resources are like natural resources;
So, then we come back to Alexander.
Now, the eminent model, the long-tail model
Please close all Google Chrome windows and try again.
Our reality right now is less interesting
So what's the second thing that Coke's good at?
expands the row in the ETree containing this cell
Whether to set a default reminder for appointments
2003 Mutua Madrileña Masters Madrid
and choosing, no matter how difficult it is,
they're all wearing cookie-cutter, same color uniforms
This makes it What is Hindustani ?
The entire hall was filled with smoke.
Storage is marked as shareable.
Jai Hind became the word of greetings .
What techniques do we use ?
Mumbai Sitmic active (earthquake active) zone is
Your child's best road safety teacher is you
it was built completely near 1648
about the role of contemporary math -
Could not retrieve weather data
Press <keyseq><key>Ctrl</key><key>h</key></keyseq> (or click <guiseq><gui>View</gui><gui>Show Hidden Files</gui></guiseq>.)
Akhil Bharatiya Ram Rajya Parishad
Committee on Data for Science and Technology
These files are on a Video DVD.
This certificate has been verified for the following uses:
You must specify a filename.
who are telling the truth, who know the country,
But who does it really look like, the Virgin Mary?
it's the basic component for artemisinin,
The path of the file containing the image data
WARNING: Failed to parse int value ‘%s'
Exporting the selected audio as Ogg Vorbis
and now it's fast becoming the norm and the law.
Press Ctrl + Alt + S to switch to %{IDS_SHORT_PRODUCT_OS_NAME}
My father Thou , my mother too ;
to find the different locations
All of a sudden, you had that happening.
Of course, if the robot were tilted,
<b>%s</b> wishes to receive the latest meeting information.
it means open, it means generative.
Open the selected bookmark in a new window
The fabric alone weighs two tons.
Show appointment end times in week and month views
Number of images for change
But when you shake it, you get Pakistan's perspective.
The Health Service Ombudsman for England
to rebel or shock people
processing / pending: %d / %d
And that's what we do to all traffic survivors.
User name to use to authenticate against proxy server.
They were on the right track .
of love of God, faith,
So this is how it works.
Lock the drive associated with the open folder
In the Catholic chronology, Catholic calendar,
For instance, the Museum of Glass in Tacoma, Washington,
to come to our college.
can't read from file descriptor %d
she's a grandmother, illiterate, who's a dentist.
When something is so common, it's no longer news -
What we're finding is that what we want
Quaroni sent a favourable report to Rome .
most of us Mexicans, we believe we are victims
And they asked me how was it,
Trust in God - but tie your camel tight.
to wear the Indian kurta pajama,
this was monumental architecture made by Martians.
After this Indian army took this fort under its control.
The round began after the Islamic caliphate!
So the empire can strike back.
The Jammu and Kashmir Court
because they refused to give her oxygen that they had.
Pixels of extra space on the left side
that we may have about compassion
couldn't open %s for writing
And you can never replicate that performance twice.
Azad shot him when he didn't comply.
wellbeing in a larger context.
List of English words of Indian origin
Show process 'Writable Memory' column on startup
India at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Such a random jumble of letters
Its flesh is eaten in many countries .
they're customized to local circumstances.
For him BALCO is still a good bet .
Could not start the search process
Click to change your nickname
View and edit keyboard layout options
and all these business minds
Navigates to the %s page.
Whether the stage should accept focus on show
Whether the input cursor is visible
And unfortunately, the helium atoms in liquid helium
{0} left the network {1} and {2} other network
The finding supported Darwin's theory
A gloom hung over the entire court-room .
Formation and evolution of the Solar System
Conflicts are down on the continent;
Incredible gift og the nature - Solar Energy
that can tell us how the world ought to be.
” Five-hundred-and-one million , six-hundred-twenty-two thousand , seven-hundred-thirty-one .
because my world, you see, is rational
United Nations has identified ten threats
Does the display look OK?
%d is divisible by %s.
longer than the familiar families.
Maybe the swami is right. You start your new life.
many say now, the problem is the emerging economies,
These kings grabs power in 200 years.
Totem could not play '%s'.
This importance the whole world is home to Pew
Allow Google services to access your location
Unable to monitor %s: Not a directory (%s)
In Islam emphasis is laid on hi formless form.
And this is the 16 centimeter area.
The type of shader used
%{PRODUCTNAME} cannot determine or set the default browser.
If you squint, you can still see the face.
For almost two years, we went all over the country
like the falafel, can be misunderstood because of baggage,
No URI provided for panel launcher desktop file
The people were also praying to heaven for protection .
So it's an interesting paradox at play there.
is the inertia or the resistance to motion.
TD: But maybe in the spirit
%{PLUGINNAME} needs your permission to run.
Use status icon, when started as an application
Enable touch initiated drag and drop
Spacing between expander arrow and caption
So that's a sort of tough choice.
in mumbai city buildings ,indo roik,art decoand samkalin were there
Karan - was known as “”Danveer Karna“”.
What if none of these things is the problem?
Updating Search Folders for '%s'
That means 15th chapter will be called Surat 15.
UNEP partnership for clean fuels and vehicles
There are eighty one thousand verses in the SkandaPuran.
Required field cannot be left blank
The document title of the frame
which is obligation - and an obligation to that availability.
Yutchub some videos to your face criminal material had criticized
Cannot check folder: %s: %s
about the charity work in “India, Africa and other countries.”
probably about 30 years behind.
Space between day headers and main area
where we're holding both beliefs together,
Sorry! I can't find the page!
A man of courage is also full of faith.
and when we generously share that information with them,
how the computer understands the environment.
and Spiderman and Star Wars: Clone Wars.
Show process 'Memory' column on startup
This is a more serious condition .
Position on the screen of the accounts window
So , imagine this .
Move the selected folder into another folder
are actually going to matter in the long run?
-114.31.176.153 07:33, 27 June 2010 (UTC)-114.31.176.15308:33, 27 June 2010 (UTC)==naming==
Adjust the size of the thumbnails
They don't move, and because they don't move
Enter password for PKCS12 file:
So I just want to tell you my story.
as part of a development strategy.
Perform a partial upgrade only (no sources.list rewriting)
However, opposite to this the Ram, existed in all.
You have received %d new message.
Coordinate expression had an open parenthesis with no close parenthesis
Whether to update login records when launching terminal command
I've learned to be flexible.
Failed to delete the multidisk device
SCHEMADIR A directory to search for additional schemas
The average annual clip is about one kilogram .
could also exist in literature.
you have people guessing three, four times that level.
who are we to say
Marks the beginning of a text selection.
Please understand the problem of poor people.
Must we go too , Daddy ?
-LRB- See page no.39 for useful organisations -RRB- .
Select a directory to blacklist
Well think of how we talk about food:
Sufis are very popular in India and Indonesia
you need a multimillion-dollar plant like this
Instead of which, we've allowed ourselves to be tempted
The night had fallen .
He was denied independence as well as sovereignty .
you see that rotor four is spinning faster
From the six classes this task force terrorism
All cultures through all time
When I married my wife,
Pin this page to Start Screen...
Utharkaand is the postscript of Ram story
An allowance paid for 6 months
Subhashchandra Bose : Concise description (Webduniya)
How other parents have coped .
Perhaps your .Xauthority file is not set up correctly.
The font to be used by the text
As a result of that our higher education
Whether this tag affects the foreground color
All of the user's surveys were transferred to %s.
Rajasthan is a Indian state
His Mother's Name was “”Swaroop Rani Nehru“”.
or whether or not it was what I could create;
Part of the problem, I think,
You are required to change your password immediately (password aged)
and we just asked them to make it go.
for children who have difficulty learning.
So really, it's not about the freedom of cartoonists;
Make sure they cover everything that you require .
Nasa is the school for Knowledge of earth
The toughness and that troublesome will come to picture.
Bombay Stock Exchange is the oldest stock exchange of Asia.
But how efficient is, really, this multitasking?
then how do we read the symbols?
This caused major riots in my city.
about the image that is constructed about us,
FALSE if this represents a real hardware printer
Kasu Brahmananda Reddy National Park
where there's plenty of opportunity.
next to this day is narak chaturdashi or small diwali
poems stanza-treassure of hindi poems
it must always be wrong to lie,
I had my breakthrough manic episode
Please set the measuring instrument to calibration mode.
This single slide completely dismantles the intelligent design arguments.
It was listed in the seven wonders
Remember that children develop at different rates .
the designer of Taj is Ustad ahmad Lahori
It was mute and offered no invitation to flight .
A man isn't poor if he can still laugh.
Blue component of the shutdown color
Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace
Not a very useful skill,
Take notes, link ideas, and stay organized
Transformers: Dark of the Moon
It becomes a desire, a need, an armor.
have it reflected in their feelings -
the seat of human consciousness,
Place windows at appropriate positions when mapped
Modern era (Post the year 1850)
Please wait while we set up your mobile network.
Move Tab to the Right
who've spent 30 years on the ground -
They need, much more than anything else,
Where the third session started after collecting the honest people.
So much for Annan's “happy day.”
that are found within the Indus Valley.
Less common media formats can be configured here
The inconsistent state of the button
I'd like all of you
that the aid market had bypassed low-income farmers altogether,
but we want to know about its space weather -
Here's a typical sampling of opinion:
quite a large number of them, stitched
Unable to parse some parameters in the encrypted ONC file.
There's a second group of people
not the Richard Burton who was married to Elizabeth Taylor,
whether or not dying may be fun.
Moves flat review to the beginning of the next line.
that's out there that's actually holding it all together.
what you expect from the school ;
and to open-source the hardware
is going to face some substantial challenges,
to allow them to make security trade-offs.
Open Audio in New Window
But he could not hear his own voice .
Proceed without updating Adobe Reader (not recommended)
We've had the Internet in its public form
Does the Ombudsman investigate every complaint ?
{0} went offline in the network {1}
They may refuse feeds or they may vomit .
for those mysterious bugs in telegraph systems
How can we tell this woman
This condition is described as trisomy of chromosome-21 .
And the cardiac PET scan shown on the lower left,
You might want to think about :
vast differences in notions of human wellbeing,
%s: Fatal X error - Restarting %s
to the second annual meeting of Congress.
cooking of tasty food is an art or science
is one billion dollars a year,
The handler for “note://” URLs
Better to download and use it offline!
File '%s' already exists. Do you want to overwrite it?
And that is what Mansukh Bhai Prajapati has done.
“ I 'm thinking . ”
Can't pass documents to this desktop element
that could be going on in his mind,
not what he thought that they should have.
but the trend is very clear.
The toggle button can be activated
Automatically install these types of updates.
Do I have to tell the police ?
was we got to go and meet Paul Rusesabagina,
Ask for this password every time
Cannot get folder '%s': not a regular file.
Link your Chrome data to this account?
error informing authentication system of preferred username prompt: %s
I said, “Do you pray? Do you want to pray?”
Not so if you're adopting a religious mindset.
for extraordinary things to happen.
that now Jane makes more than four dollars a day.
The word 'Pakstan' means holy or country of sacred people.
Indra looking at his son's bravery became very happy.
The sentinels allowed him to go ;
drawing in perspective. Now, I want to
And there we are, 2001.
Bran is rich in phosphorus but deficient in calcium .
that I recommend everyone in this audience to do.
From his childhood only ramkrishna was a sucessful person.
Create or import new label set(s)
it would be that you don't have to be normal.
for babies tested in Tokyo and the United States,
in a village where people were once ashamed
The navel of the kid should be disinfected properly .
No file can be added (%i selected file)
a place that doesn't have any natural resources.
Whether highlight overdue tasks with a special color (task-overdue-color)
Profile of Earth based on solar program of NASA
I was walking through the forests
between Sarah Silverman and Jimmy Fallon and Martha Stewart.
Real glory springs from the silent conquest of us.
The folk art forms are much in evidence here .
Press escape again to return to menu
Could not open temporary mail file %s: %s
Your tasks are saved in a text file (XML format).
He turned to consultancy firm McKinsey .
Z component of the pivot point
So if we're seriously talking about tackling climate change
aha - to pronounce the Ha
The child process was aborted.
But critics have begun targeting Krishna .
because most people are too selfish,
as to how innovation can become
Names of the Republic of India in its official languages
Write to them , detailing your complaint .
Do not forget to have fun.
What lessons would you take from an experience like this?
Gandhiji was not agreeing complete freedom.
Nearly every one of them is beneficial to man .
” Next they will ask her to visit Somnath .
Later this boy was called Kabir.
Act quickly , as there are tight time limits .
so many people talk so much rubbish
I have so much to do !
the troop deployment caused their return.
Traffic Police is an independent institution under the Mumbai Police.
a world of understanding and a world of peace.
Hindi Unicode text collection (Copy)
There are about 375 species of fishes available in Ganga.
And we find that when we do that,
%'d file left to delete
And on the far left there
that exists nowadays is job snobbery.
Whether the layout should be vertical, rather than horizontal
pactl %s Compiled with libpulse %s Linked with libpulse %s
And it took them four days.
and figured out a way
they create an electrical charge.
converted it into eight languages,
Error connecting to socket: %s
From his mouth came out the words “”Ram-Ram“”.
Launch %{PRODUCTNAME} automatically when I start my computer
And they're like, “I'm just saying, you know.
We heard it in other forms. And who are these?
These industries have expanded considerably since .
And, although adults may not be quite at the level
and got them outside to lie down underneath the sculpture.
Not even in school ?
if you don't know how to do it.
it would have been a hellhole.
correcting fluids -LRB- such as Tipp-Ex -RRB- ;
There are messages in the error log.
pillars situated at four corners gives a scene of shock.
Actual Geetha (with meanings in Hindi)
one dimensional, where we all have to think the same.
of executing any curve trajectory.
Indeed it is the emerging world's first
The walls were blue, the windows were blue,
and why your unicorn defenses are working just great.
when American CIA exercised a coup
Total: %{NUMBER_OF_SHEETS} %{SHEETS_LABEL} (%{NUMBER_OF_PAGES} %{PAGE_OR_PAGES_LABEL})
IT IS NOT NECESSARY TO KEEP ROZA DURING DEPRESSION.
These elements role are to form a welfare state
Because I had lots of them
and it always seemed to me, when I was young,
This is also called as 'Kabhi Kabhar red fort'
In north Uttarpradesh there is a Nepal country situated.
Hindu worship sites are called temples
” That is exactly the way I wanted it !
English language was seen as a language of the imperialists.
Build storage tents to increase your storage capacity.
Allies of World War II
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
] is an invalid data character in JavaScript compatibility mode
Channel change will be applied later.
So she says, “Absolutely not.
everyone out here will be group B.
Copy memo list contents locally for offline operation
“Adorn yourselves with the attributes of God.”
Other big cities of India are Mumbai,Kolkata and Chennai.
moving from minister of energy to president.
Display notification when a member joins
While in the prison Subhash Babu's health condition became worst.
The deadline for the show arrived -
Configuration of encrypted volumes failed
New and Verify passwords do not match.
I'm sure there are other people here
which are basically the math
that motivates people in the end.
or make it harder to join,
was Lehman Brothers and Sisters,
♫ For picnics and Frisbees and roller skaters, ♫
The contribution of mahadevi verma
Error writing mail temp file: %s
Rest of the books comes under Commemoration
The Ombudsman 's address is :
Default width of the Composer Window.
Could not connect to server {0}.
The end of an innings.
And so that's what it's about.
The cancel button of the dialog.
I mean, they want to know what you're up to.
What we think, we become.
What is A dhamma (Immoral) is per Budhha.
the people around us can not only help us
The disc mount point could not be retrieved
Select a certificate to import...
The backend does not support bulk additions
TLS support is not available
IMAP server does not support quotas
And I was struck by the juxtaposition
4 - Leader of the parliament
Invalid title scale “%s” (must be one of xx-small,x-small,small,medium,large,x-large,xx-large)
it emits a kind of blue light,
Device to remove from volume group:
<b>%s</b> wishes to be added to an existing meeting.
List of airports by ICAO code: I
moments where I've wished that they were just like me.
saying this over the last seven years.
“ Goodbye , ” said the little prince .
I love to fix things. I wanted to fix this.
Display notification when a member leaves
And that has all sorts of advantages.
Social , cultural and sporting activities
Which service should be used for editing?
Golu Devata or Lord Golu
There was a high wall between them .
This was for mass communication.
than the two other shows
He couldn ' t help letting out a sigh .
He knows what not to give up .
and good students start failing algebra all of a sudden
The criminals left behind lots of evidence .
whether it's Proctor & Gamble or Accenture, whatever -
Select this device at startup
So it probably even feels good for the insect,
Now will we let the Gulf Coast
Give the wretched more dollops and keep them happy .
A glimpse of infection in Ahmedabad.
is this huge outrageous anger.
Adjust conversion based on previous input
depending on your station in society,
Now, what happened was not maybe what you thought,
. It is included in the list of seven wonders.
&Stretch columns to fit window
that are planning to use this.
Satyendra Prasanno Sinha, 1st Baron Sinha
No items in DIDL-Lite from client: '%s'
the reciever should taking problems sum of this regularity.
List of airports by IATA code: C
Always ask an objective question .
he would almost always win.
Problems occurred while passing of the Bill.
Failed to write hash table
Keep the current keyboard layout in the configuration file?
And we've already started construction on section two.
Raja Todarmal was Finance Minister of Emperor Akbar.
A Management System for Hazard Analysis
Small-disk (< 1GB) partitioning scheme
The sandhara and sarvatobhadra forms are the most outstanding .
The Biccavolu series falls into two groups .
to get a handle on the Koran -
couldn't copy %s to %s
Cannot open gestures file: %s
he was the all-powerful leader of Turkmenistan,
And if you look down into it,
And one thing to notice is that perhaps
Of course there are some areas where water is reaching,
The name India has originated from The Indus river.
The Gaddi dress is very attractive .
Criteria for work experience 4 29
Previews the calendar to be printed
What are County Information Centres ?
Promising to give exhibitions of paintings,
There is no orchestra conductor.
That is all well and good,
but not the cyborgs that you think.
My name is Ahmed. I am an Afghan refugee
The rest of the cell degenerates .
You guys are answering the question:
quickly build these renewable sources.
Your connection to %{DOMAIN} is not encrypted.
The primary task of the Supreme Court is appellate .
but lost more kids than India is doing today, proportionally.
that you would expect, and the reason's very simple.
Disable blurring of screen regions obscured by other windows.
We're going to keep zooming in. OK.
the ability to confront problems, complex problems,
the change in him was amazing.
Your laptop battery is now fully charged
But if you're not a native speaker,
This was a sensitive box.
which according to its label helps reduce stress,
So here's a new definition for doodling.
Access the content of pages you visit
7. What is your relationship to the patient?
Failed to read QTIF header
He is the head of Lok Sabha .
Hamachi version {0} is obsolete
They function under his control and direction .
WK: Yeah. I'm still thinking to work on energy.
Save photo with a different name
They're absolutely inspirational for me.
The lactation period ranges from 6 to 12 months .
In year 1916 he got married to Kamala Neharu.
It has been found to have many exceptions .
Could not execute %s: mail not sent.
Now all of the babies, even in Berkley,
Premchnad is known as father of hindi story.
For some time he became a sanyosi .
Puraanas can be listened here too.
“ Good morning , ” said the flower .
but then it was quite new, especially in an economy
Take an interest in your child's school work .
smartcard driver '%s' could not be loaded
She says she first got started with
The X11 Window to be bound
Indian public has different religions,different languages and mixed culture.
Architecture too had made little progress .
Girl with a Pearl Earring
HEALTH CHECKS BY YOUR GP
And they immediately went, “There it is.”
The rural market has been by and large neglected .
So, this whole event has been an elaborate build-up
Be safe at home and on the roads
and video stores to the corner store.
♫ Don't you worry ♫
Show all the headers when viewing a messages.
So is spirituality triumphing where politics has failed ?
Cannot start Orca because it cannot connect to the Desktop.
to relate the kind of [unclear] research,
2011 World Championships in Athletics
Mobile is a marketing dusk
Janesh chadurthi,the festival celebrated with most enthusiasm.
But if I walk shoulder-to-shoulder,
That is the final lesson of the story .
Phone 071 - 498 - 4680 for further details .
Unable to open desktop file %s for panel launcher%s%s
And so this is the way I dealt with it.
I want to start on a slightly somber note.
And now we mechanized that process. Changing that pattern
tty output for background process
Kepler's laws of planetary motion
Various mouse-based activities (clicking, moving)
that we had to take charge and reform ourselves.
If you leave it on the pavement,
Send this page to your mobile device
And then when I did my book, Thinking In Pictures,
illiterates can be trained to use it.
Select HTML fixed width font for printing
san bruno is the headquarter of youtube
Furthermore they were themselves quite old .
Industrial development decelerated in the following years .
They are believed to have magical powers.
there's a moment where the coyote is chasing the roadrunner
Failed to get the local system time
The ideas that we argue about.
This was the first civil war of Islam
and also known for their unusual cannibalism rituals,
Load a terminal configuration file
We are in a position of danger.
But what we're going to talk about in this
ISO 639 3-letter language code Optional empty - automatic
Failed to start up the sync backend
Load icons ignoring image load setting
What methods do our researchers use in their studies ?
He killed animals and offered meat to God .
Valabhacharya did promotion-spread of Pushtimarg.
and the richest one billion, they use six of them.
equates to a $4.5 billion
a third of the children,
with sub-orbital capability, and I think very soon this.
Could not delete folder meta file '%s': %s
Where do we come up with these ideas?
The Legend of Spyro: The Eternal Night
Let the glass globe be .
They're so close to the hospital we can never
R.S.S feed is what a problem?
Source type for the device
Combine events into a single event
The grilled wall surrounding graves
<b>%s</b> through %s wishes to add to an existing meeting:
Jabbar: We're here to help you.
Gathering information from your system...
The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift
A . I am one of his ministers .
where I was teaching my favorite subject,
Copyright © 2007-2009 Toms Bauģis and others
or be more focused or get a tutor.
That's the first time in India,
I got an interesting phone call once from Columbo,
and walked out of his bedroom.
Failed to create a swap space
The morning was quietly awakening .
There are many potential problems associated with these drugs .
And for good reason .
Pure: Dont only read and understand Kuran.
not quite aware that I'm following them -
Your account has expired; please contact your system administrator
President post of congress at Haripura.
Limit the number of photos displayed based on a filter
But this is not available in Parol.
Server response contained incomplete authorization data
No usable audio codecs detected
Displays a list of buttons.
&Check Spelling in This Field
Famous statue is in Gharrbhagaraah Gods
I was very struck by Natalie Merchant's songs last night,
It's a conversation about potential.
The Internet is the first medium in history
Miklos: No. He gave me access,
and then by reaching the unreached,
So he went to the Church of Nativity
He was arrested In Bombay on 21 July 1931 .
Password must be at least 4 characters
Amant khan,who is from Shiraj Iran,was the main calligraphy maker.
And the girl, who's on her left,
An early-morning walk is a blessing for the whole day.
but to make it the definitive story of that person.
The device name you specified (%s) seems to be invalid.
Liberty Derived from the Latin word ' liber ' .
Baghati This is the dialect of the Solan area ,
Indian Council of Forestry Research and Education
with the ideas in your head.
that my liberation as a man
Skip to a specific time
Yeah, I'm a poor black child from the ghetto.
And everyone is responsible for the per capita emission.”
Central Organization For Railway Electrification
Connect to a new DAAP share
Class: Highly industrial and commercial districts
File %s does not exist.
of letting everybody go into whatever car they want.
because of the patient capital,
We were unable to install:
Now, maybe that's not true in this room,
This place is also a part of UNESCO venture
And naturally, I encounter a lot of resistance,
Width of process 'PID' column
Phosphor old field dimmer strength
Access all text spoken using synthesized speech
He did his schools at st.xaviar school.
COULD IT BE ME ? 6
And his mother showed us a beautifully patterned basket,
And this is absolutely normal here .
The ClutterPath object representing the path to animate along
Play the audio memory game against Tux
Then 30,000 children in Ahmedabad, and growing.
all the way up to brilliant scientists and engineers.
Himalaya is being known by many names.
die like us. And in one generation, for example,
And unlike all of the other animals,
There was a murmur from the crowd .
we are running a risk of losing it all.
The animal is restless and frequently changes postures .
“ I came down very near here . ”
And the best part is that,
if you didn't have to adhere to this man box?”
and he wanted to help his friend .
Access and share your printers online with %{CLOUD_PRINT_NAME}
This behavior can be changed in the preferences later.
%s: Error starting greeter on display %s
English to Hindi translation Shipyard systems (online)
List of municipalities of Armenia
Resource files must have same version number!
They have increased the security of proprietors.
Create a search folder for this mailing list
Database `%s` has been successfully populated.
actually has to navigate through the space,
No devices supporting color management detected
is, as you scale things up -
They sent me to prison to lock me up,
But because of writers like Chinua Achebe and Camara Laye
The entire nation remembered him as a shaheed
Set up users and passwords
They demands that they were ruling from years
as some of us have acknowledged,
Health models are a great example.
Are you sure you want to delete the network “{0}”?
during his era his writings are his identity.
because remember, there's no teacher around.
Could not open file: “%s”
Disabled because of an accident at work?
from the heavens, or Krypton,
The work inspired by Ramayana.
down the long axis of the shoe.
the world is talking about Africa
the fifth-largest economy in the world
we can bring a different voice to the table.
in an upper-middle class neighborhood and feel good about it.
They must change behavior in some way.
Could not get image width (bad TIFF file)
A hazard may be :
Use burnproof (decrease the risk of failures)
is that we're highly optimized
Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe (Prevention of Atrocities) Act, 1989
but we have to be honest about
The scores jumped to 50 percent.
But Gandhiji do not want him on president post.
from supporting logging on an industrial scale
knowledge of china - complete information about china, in Hindi
From an infected mother to her baby during birth ;
In that water big full with tak.
Because I was interested in integrating these two worlds,
Import bookmarks from another browser or a bookmarks file
List of most populous metropolitan areas in India
Checking the Debian archive mirror
Command to execute on click
Maharishi Vedic University- Here copious Devanagari Sanskrit literature is available.
Enter a header text for scale A
Voice of kabir was famous and was said - bejak
North Anna Nuclear Generating Station
Unable to connect to POP server %s. Error sending password:
He has influenced the coming generation .
from the source of electricity the panels are made
Both its tolas are devoid of the hara .
You think that. It's not true of course,
All of them are not angels,
But it was also a slightly more orthodox India
But you see that happening on the High Line,
from lots of different sources at once.
Disable or enable ellipsizing of folder names in side bar
And look at these fascinating cultures.
Title of the label to show on a snapshotted plug-in
it's like playing poker and going all in right away.
in heating, ventilating and air conditioning systems
Pacific Time - south Yukon
And the good news was that the institution,
you will bump into certain very important ideas.
he wants to become Leonardo da Vinci.
Failed to redirect output or input of child process (%s)
Later Akbar started to living with his uncle in Afghanistan.
You can help by doing the following :
but the same life is lived infinite times
Barbie as the Island Princess
Raja Man Singh was the Rajput king of Amber(Jaipur) Kachwada.
Failed to parse command line.
Markets and lanes are illuminates with splendid-colorful electric bulbs.
Official amalgamation of two or more organizations.
Nothing is known about her subsequent life .
this authorization is been enlarged in 356.
when the universe was at this point,
Reset password using a Live CD or USB
So if you keep further down the knowledge map,
300,000 square feet, 20 rides, all with our characters:
Mughal Empire at the time of Akbar.
The colour of the egg is pale blue .
the photos, most of them are still there.
that looked into pre-1950s baseball cards
Sorry, you're not allowed to access the following page:
Connect the file sync service with your personal cloud
or running along one of the six directions in between.
In 623 Hazarat Mohammad Salalullah Alehi Vassallam had expired.
is all about French soft power, the British Council.
Islam's two major classes O, Shia and Sunni
in social change before we saw the economical change.
Please download Hamachi and follow the installation instructions.
and audiences express their amazement
Sometime they would write letters to each other.
It is done till they won't erect.
Audio unavailable. Click to learn more.
The GMenuModel for the menubar
We called the project Face 2 Face.
Clean fuel and vehicle for UNEP participation
Delay before hiding a submenu
Your local partitions and devices
to places of such cultural wonder
But it went into production only after 1854 .
the problem is the same, the treatment is the same.
Extension root directory is required.
Tell a kid you're sorry, they're in shock.
but what Cristine discovered is this is actually quite typical.
Children as well as elders all take part in celebrations.
onto a plate of sugar.
and the sounds of all languages.
Use Quick Resync if the server supports it
That 's one way of getting noticed .
Set the time one hour ahead.
Aaj Tak and India Today of Hindi
Configuration file for the OSD Menu.
Subhash used to call him mejda.
%{PRODUCTNAME} is using your microphone.
Number of spindle start/stop cycles
Move '%s' back to trash
A . Much depends on Mamata .
Couldn't execute command: %s Verify that this command exists.
Switch windows of an app directly
by %B %d, %Y, %l:%M %p
The model to find matches in
Metric Wallet (9 x 13 cm)
WORKING IN EARLY YEARS, CHILDCARE AND PLAYWORK
He is not afraid of pain any longer .
To help you, we've arranged the booklet in four sections.
Exporting the selected audio using command-line encoder
Akbar's son Jahangir built this mausoleum in 1613.
my team at Push Pop Press
C&hain (Double-Click or press SPACE to edit)
than a simple piece of paper and a pencil -
A few months after they were released
In the summer ! <s> In the autumn !
OpenGL for Embedded Systems video output
What are the risks, if any, of each option?
when you tie the three things together.
Now they were getting 500,000 for six days' work.
List of cities and towns in India
Placed him in jail this time Almoda
The sentences of imprisonment shall run concurrently . ”
Failed to install policy settings on the device: %{VALIDATIONERROR}.
Insurgency in Jammu and Kashmir
The ruler dropped and clattered against the wooden table .
Extra space at the right
Some of them might be ones you gave.
Duration of the break when typing is disallowed
Maximum length of text field
Include all networks created by this client
He did not make any firm commitment to help India.
But what is most amazing is the effect on girls.
For example, you could plot the flow of carbon
I had started a bakery with 20 unwed mothers.
This is India's largest state.
Today , Bharata 's four major groups are accepted .
of the brain in real time,
Requested mail action okay, completed
Chief Medical Officer for England
The little prince was disappointed .
Official Website of Obama created for the election of President
Embed the video output in the main interface.
Do you want to return to the partitioner?
So, I think decoding this can probably bring
An init path must be specified
Jayadratha : King of Sindhu Kingdom and son-in-law of Dhritarashta.
Other methods of installing applications
was thought to be an impossible task, until now.
Official place of Obama as American senator
some pages gve an opinion that there is lesser sun
OI Update - New versions at AndAppStore
The Link “%s” is Broken.
He said, “I was so moved.
Sally was 13 and doing OK at school .
doodling is an incredibly powerful tool,
Could not determine original location of “%s”
Total CO 2 </ sub > emissions
Islam attracted many people from other religions.
Valmiki ramyan comes from after ram mahapurana.
a couple years ago, an event planner called me
most of that in isolation.
as you do in the Buddhist tradition,
Copying files (less than a minute remaining)...
View RSS for other uses
And they actually monitor and supervise
Your local paper normally includes this information too.
it gets adopted because people use it
who essentially spent 600 dollars a month
When I'm not fighting poverty, I'm fighting fires
After 1857 the picture suddenly changed .
here Khuran is asserted in many places
You dropped down from the sky ? ”
And you cannot predict the outcome of human development;
Vedvyas created and recreated the Puranas.
and then gets an identity.
What was that story? The death of Anna Nicole Smith.
Corner 42 <s> Warwick Road
and a few months later,
The National Health Service is a service for everybody.
Error was expected but none given
Go one level up in document hierarchy
Are you sure you want to delete the network “{0}”?
This is a picture here taken from orbit.
The software on this computer is up to date.
You can directly type in unicode, or use transliteration (lipyantran)
In Shatpath Brahman (14.3.3.13) Puranvadamaya stated as Ved.
Chapter with the same time already exists
thinking it would put me to sleep in 10 minutes.
That's how you think about security -
You couldn't get it. You had to bribe.
and they record everything you type.
However , there is a difference .
uttarpradesh has the highest population in India
Right-Ka-Scripto- Download to use offline.
I'm not talking about voluntary wearing of a veil -
Unknown phone device type (not GSM or CDMA)
and that almost destroyed me.
The villages follow a Panchayat system .
and they had a great reason. (Applause)
Architecture too , made great progress under the Rajputs .
That is the secret of this language.
if you go back 100 years ago
I'm going to talk about the role
I left Bellevue, went to business school and started this.
Farming at the foothills of the Himalayas.
But if you look at cultures which have cyclical
is responsible for 60 percent of those movies.
They say the print media is dying.
Cannot find the location of address book file
And you've got to feel that.
Step with the switch, activate by dwelling
Please choose the page to display:
1994 Italian Open - Men's Singles
is a corresponding set of cells
Which are known as Ganga Dolphin and Iraavadi Dolphin.
And that's, of course, what this is about.
Among them Salafi and deobandi is most important.
Hindi Quran with Hindi translations of Arabian Kuran
Turn off all warning and information messages.
Not signed in to %{SHORT_PRODUCT_NAME}
is they want to do this.
it's a homosexual couple bringing up a child.
Please suggest a remedy for green maggot on lablab.
Enable debug messages to system log
There is no war in that place.
see RSS under other experiments.
And remember, please remember my main message,
and it's cost-prohibitive for many countries around the globe.
Instead, as Einstein said, make everything
set up a workshop -
pakisthan kay pramukh jaatheeya samuuh
One in a million, one in a billion -
philharmonic orchestras and poets and singers will celebrate
for miners to know whether they're safe.
Enable icon in notification area.
Enter your hostname and port, e.g.: imap.gmail.com:995
Make sure your child is registered with a dentist .
Nothing in the outside world seemed trivial any more .
Default value for thread expand state
The point around which the scaling and rotation occur
we do K through 12 education.
Brahma Kumaris World Spiritual University
Failed to remove attachments from messages.
A . What is in my hands ?
Notification on %s doesn't exist
9. Women should be honoured.
Allow cookies on these sites
Mahadevi Varma (26 March,1708-11 December,1798) was a talented Hindi poetess.
workers are coming from serving society
They even hosted juice stations.
Ansari 's game was up .
He was the teacher of Drona, Bhisham and Karan.
Make available for offline use
A line of demarcation is difficult to draw .
And I thought, there's nothing more haunting
and your feeling doesn't match reality.
And it signals to the rest of the brain
Must specify alternating keys/values as arguments
We feel frustration and boredom from time to time.
Dainik Jagaran (E-Newspaper, In unicode)
And even if we are able to find online criminals,
Sur has described Yashoda's character, quality etc beautifully.
So scientists and engineers, please, talk nerdy to us.
noticing the changing patterns of wind
There are different uses for different kinds of foods .
And me and the rest of the team were like,
its overseas territories and Crown dependencies,
The brightness of the video
And what Rayan did then
he found the peak covered with countless flags
The connection to the server was lost.
this fear that just has us paralyzed,
Which are called as Ganges dolphins and Irrawaddy dolphins.
Concise Sanskrit-English dictionary -Sanskrit words are printed in Devanagari.
covering everything from basic arithmetic
Your doctor or midwife will arrange this.
Character '%s' is not valid inside an entity name
“”He is worried what injustice is,“”
Operation not supported, files on different mounts
“ Is there anything wrong ? ”
Punjab and Haryana High Court
Remember password until you logout
Of course it's a logarithmic scale here,
and in fact, he didn't seem
Could not find delegate %s in Active Directory
but oratory, oratory is absolutely key to religions.
It is considered a good dual-purpose breed .
There he tried to enter the Russian Embassy.
I only had time to frame those two problems.
liability for accidents to others .
the most unemotional three words I've ever heard.
There is n't a single MBA on its staff .
We were attached to a certain temple .
he shared his thoughts with saint Kabeer.
You can pinch into any page.
when you could never climb a tree.
One, when those teachers are doing that,
one brain area causing another to activate.
Show all packages in a list
We did Face 2 Face with only six friends,
Tag “%s” has not been defined.
The key is missing or invalid
Sync Error: Please stop and restart Sync.
Ensure that you consume a lot of drinkable beverages.
But she pauses occasionally and says,
There are some files left to burn
I also liked the kind of intellectual macho games.
We've got McPeople, McCars, McHouses.
by graffiti and street art,
and get a choice of power bars, like we can,
which is inspired by nature.
Can't delete the INI file '%s'
of multimedia art in India today,
First make sure they ' ve got fresh air .
Cannot create folder '%s': folder exists
Life Story of Ravindranath Nobel Foundation
And, I mean, OK, I'm not actually saying
Marcus Bains Line Color - Time bar
That lesson has not been lost .
But this is neither here nor there . ”
means that we too have to be proper stewards
What is calculus -LRB- tartar -RRB- ?
Compositing for RenderLayers with transitions.
it was used less and less.
Jabbar: Dana, I can't see where to grab hold.
to support his family he had to work very hard
Not the International Monetary Fund. Not the World Bank,
the contribution of agricultural sector is less
Now comes the third group.
Add <cmd>init = /bin/sh</cmd> to the end of the line.
Remove the selected photos from the trash
Sanskrit is bodh religions historical brother
It is made of red sandstone marble Cama
News Wing- Hindi and English News Portal mainly for Jharkhand.
between telling a political story,
A tribunal panel is made up of three people .
I mean, of course, this is how Americans take it,
Could not create bookmark folder.
and made a critical mistake.
then Forward block became an independant party.
Type the falling words before they reach the ground
It talks about the candidates - written very well -
Paints and prints the visible zones in the active window.
To hide from the world .
Bert had agreed , burning with curiosity .
.Swami Vivekanand arrived there as a representative of India.
because they're seeing the world
you can just do the gesture of taking a photo
Could not build physical interface list via libvirt: %s
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Here you get Tarai region as well as cold Himalayas.
Internal government of independent India .
interested in taking this ahead in one or another way.
And the next report we got said,
Compress weekends in month view
the main use of that filter
Apps must be served from the host they affect.
Will I have to sign the agreement?
so that sometimes my parents were not paid their salaries.
On our 10 year anniversary of being in the U.S.,
united by a shared history,
List of Governors of Jammu and Kashmir
Local TV news looms large,
my dollars usually go to a good cause;
so they could take care of their families better.
They defecate , mostly , beside the railway tracks .
This isn ' t a game of auction . ”
List of districts of Uttar Pradesh
Inthis males are 23 mkillions and females are 20.9 millions.
a couple back-to-school licenses in Spain and Turkey.
How big a contractor team would you need
Whether to display an “inconsistent” state
Error getting default value for ‘%s': %s
And that is, instinctively we've gone out
Requesting a wireless network address for '%s'...
. This area is still industrially underdeveloped.
the children of Riverside set out to infect Ahmedabad.
In Kibera, each year we cover more roofs.
This suggests that the same script, the Indus script,
Use metacity theme when drawing window decorations
it could happen in investing in the stock market,
Cannot include the key in digest
The permissions could not be changed.
Telling like that he prepared to make Lord Srikrishna prisoner.
” Our food had nothing to do with delicacies .
The other thing that happened -
It's innovative. It's an innovative marketing campaign.
And I first begin with a pie chart -
Do you really want to delete this response?
{0} left the network {1}
And they live below the poverty line.
Q . What will be his next corrective step ?
And lately she's begun to earn an income
Miklos: Stay away from me.
Main beliefs of Islam are these:
List of x-content/* types set to “Open Folder”
Audio Mahabharata; Part-1 (Google book)
Copy a screenshot to clipboard
Do not add signature delimiter
they left their identity in all the matters
sanskrit software and its machinery
there was a manufacturing defect.
humans will inevitably despoil any common pool resource
and the quality of your life.
Report any changes without delay
It's probably as unlikely that you would nowadays
It seemed to make him fell better about everything .
some costing a million dollars apiece -
Failed to load %s: %s
sendmail exited with status %d: mail not sent.
And how is your respected father ?
It stands for Intelligent Mobility Platform with Actuated Spoke System.
Resize to half the video size
It ' s always a positive force . ”
The gymnosophist said, “Why is he conquering the world?
Human Rights and Democracy Movement
Right-K Scripts: Download for off-line purpose
that is going to create the new shared experience,
Failed to write cache file: %s
Here's a paper which you could [unclear] -
that if you tell someone something once, they'll remember it.
from learning that both Basit and Amjad
The North of Rajasthan is normally dry from the begining.
Meeting the Guru (spiritual leader)
when you get asked that famous iconic question
Show recurring events in italic in bottom left calendar
Now we're already seeing some services
I call them , O Kudala Sangama Lord ,
From a file on disk
He was symbol of love element
Invalid return value from monitorfile
Failed to read data from child process (%s)
Device %s wants access to the service '%s'.
Could not parse “%s” as an integer
The people usually manage to do the rest .
I do n't get enough exercise .
In south in sindhu river crocodiles are found.
The oil slick is set on fire .
I have asked her to translate for me.
The whole world was laid out for me.
See pages 57 - 59 on private sales .
I have learnt a lot from it .
So we've developed certain tactics and strategies
The boy had met the alchemist .
The price : nearly Rs 5 lakh per kit .
Your survey was successfully saved.
who was raped chatting with one individual,
It also explains special standards for maternity services .
Mahrshi Veda high school-here whole history of devnagari is present
that's 260 billion lost from a productive economy
Start the installation in expert mode, for maximum control.
Modern sanklakh like used taknek and available in many shapes.
In every February derby race is organized in Mumbai.
They come out only during the night .
The youngest son took his ninth -
are not going to change anything.
Well , more or less .
And the tiny water crystals here
No tokens were selected for deletion
They are in front of you.
Wipe user data on sign-out
Scholars had recognized 4 starting phases for this presentation.
TRIAL COURT APPELLATE COURT i
Must specify a key or keys on the command line
in this war almost 6 crore people lost their life
How can anyone be attracted to her ? ”
Spelling <s> Lots of children find spelling hard.
“What's the matter? The pearls of wisdom
an ideological battle about how to do things.
National Institute of Technology, Arunachal Pradesh
I learned something about courage.
Special places related to Mahadevi
Green component of the pause color
Memory activities based on operations
Theme Cache - Images && Color
So, this is the message of desert.
What is the business here?
you make all these kind of polygons.
Our heros are human heros.
And the other thing that happens
Hum Saath-Saath Hain: We Stand United
but we also use them to interact with each other.
Whether to enable offline web application cache
simenky was the old version of mozila firefox
between when I was a kid in high school
you can see the surface there -
Government has a special form, imposition like democracy, dharmatantra,or chaos
Production increased after the war .
to any insect that'll have it.
A GUIDE FOR 6 TO 10 YEAR-OLDS
Unable to copy file from MTP device: %s
Why can I say, “I'll take my steak medium rare,
And then I was overwhelmed with shame.
The main reason behind it was the shortage of water.
Some of these often have problems with reading.
Create or edit rules for filtering new mail
In Mauritania, less than three percent.
A traditional bone setter is a professional.
And of course, we all share the same adaptive imperatives.
You need to add question groups
And my great big internet trunk line
Unable to access the network
Their vulgarity and weaknesses and limited outlook appal me .
However , he must not go beyond it .
And the ten-year-old on every eight notes.
which they have to do for hours every week.
will be somewhere around half of what the U.S. taxpayer
These run from September 1998 to August 1999.
This is shifting and reflecting functions.
and our galaxy's not in the center of the cluster.
Kripacharya: The Brahmin mentor of Hastinapur.
The reflections adds to magnificence of the garden.
They were drawn by two horses . . ..
Indian meals are also very popular in foreign countries.
Ah, what a wonderful smell.”
XPM file has invalid number of colors
The foundation of the Shia and Sunni sects
that he forgot to stamp my passport.
The Bar of Khaiyyam (1938)
So when they spoke into it,
And I think what you'll see emerging
List of cities in Mexico
they can create something that still looks three-dimensional,
Is hepatitis B vaccine safe?
This plateau is located between the eastern and western Ghats.
.Intimacy ooooo Depth of entry ooo oSpeed oooo
Received request to sync synchronously
thinking about continuity, thinking about backups,
Do not preserve job history
The race is already being run
Ambika : wife of Bichitrabirya,she is sister ofAmba and Ambalika.
I know she ' s hidden here … ”
This is Juan's book, our previous speaker,
He had to issue a reply.
This was done to enable NABARD to increase its leverage.
Total CO 2 < / sub < emissions
Sahuph E Ibrahimi which was presented to Ibrahim.
Template permissions were updated successfully.
and to overlook the many other stories
Sitting down is his brother Amjad.
Changes to Look out for <s> Appearance.
Cannot read file to append to
are operated by flight crews
It connected those two people.
Linear, removing entries once played
“What is a scalable model?” -
I thought, “Why can I not connect
Remove the chapter from the list
Inquire about this from your doctor.
I'm really troubled by that. But anyway that's -
National Institute of Technology, Hamirpur
Sugata Mitra: The reason I ended with the face
He immediately informed the police .
municipal schools, ivy league schools -
Notify new messages for Inbox only.
Roman to unicode Sanskrit translation tool
Flags for the new partition:
There are some reservation for Sc/ST,
at least to me, which is the following:
Failed to read from child pipe (%s)
to a Splashy, to sort of help the cause.
Your secondary battery is empty
is somehow subject to algorithmic optimization
one clothespin thing to one person.
nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain ;
I want to create these oases of sculpture
British Government did not reply to this.
It went a whole life cycle without competition,
Put a crab inside it.
You are not allowed to delete this group!
Followers of all religions were asked Dhimee
is a caricature of an upside-down man.
When scrolling, always show both arrows.
High Quality 3D Denoiser filter
Less than or equal to (Strings)
The impact of this has been that these hospitals,
So this is the Russians working on the ice
Extra space at the left
Would you like to make this partition active?
so it's sort of difficult to get
Oriya Mahabharata ; Part-1 (Google book)
that's twice its height and [eight] times its volume.
I come out, and there's Esther.
the language is also used softly in thesepoems
like the prophets, all the superheroes
in-spite of these most part are included in china
Learning to read and write
co-advised by Steve Seitz at U.W.
When battery power is critically low:
Paul Harris (cricketer, born 1978)
Error: Bad include at line %d in %s.
or the circular wall of the circular box
customcmd: Custom command index %ld outside permitted range [0,%d)
On the way to the gallows, all three ware singing-
At the same time , imports averaged 30,000 tons .
Fatal error: failed to get object reference for ConfigDatabase
The pillars situated at the four corners arrests this view
Please replace the disc with a supported CD or DVD.
Setting up the base system...
in the development and the growth and the rise
Snapoff and auto unmaximized maximized windows when dragging
but never learn to swim,
on national TV. I'd better write something about this. (Laughter)
Now the question is: How could we ask them?
List of interactive geometry software
HTTP Error %{ERROR_NUMBER} (%{ERROR_NAME}): %{ERROR_TEXT}
Dhrowpathi: Daughter of Drupath who was born from fire.
and expecting very little love in return,
There are a bit harder issues.
paper and glue - as easy as that.
The ten threats as recognized by the United Nations.
He noticed her draw away from him a bit .
Karmayogee pen (Google Books; Author - Alkshama offering Sandily)
Encryption is not supported by this cipher
And the second year went up to 75 percent.
CalDAV does not support bulk additions
They don't want second-standard, second-quality outputs.
The Walking Dead (TV series)
And they hear like humans do, or real creatures do.
with the particular frequencies of ultraviolet light
An eye sght test is also a health check-up .
Even in the times of H1N1, I like the word.
They are known as totally sex-linked genes .
because the poorest people in this country can get enlightenment.
Whether to disable deinterlacing for interlaced movies
He was being raised by his grandmother.
that, in fact, this strand came north,
like in this square box shown here.
You may not assign a key to this entry
If you know nothing about China and the Soviet Union
This was Congress' 51st conference|
Gently guide the floss between teeth .
She kept her hand on the door-knob .
When there's no traffic near walk straight across the road
Application supplied widget for extra options.
Failed to authenticate with provided pre-shared key
Diwali symbolizes journey from darkness to light.
Unable to open address book
and why it causes this anxiety,
Type a size in points.
Could not remove the folder %B.
The most prominent of these rulers Minnadar encouraged by Buddhism
What would that mean? What is the story there?
Russian Social Democratic Labour Party
We are steadfastly setting about our miracle .
If I doubt my older sister's ability
can Tamil-speaking children in a south Indian village
You cannot delete your own account.
1. Judicial review of the character
And I always tell people
was Surdas blind since birth?
This usually means that your installed packages have unmet dependencies
1 year in the future
but rather better adults than you have been,
The disease rapidly spreads among goats .
Your sosreport has been generated and saved in: %s
A man may marry one to four wives .
List of Hindi-language television channels
is missing some important instrumentation, like the buttons.
Please send this file to your support representative.
Food can be there and people can't buy it.
This is partly historical .
Why it happens -LRB- Ch1 -RRB-
Raise selected windows after an interval
M.T.N.L. and Tata are also providing broad band service.
Most are non-violent and they fall into two broad categories:
the import duty on biopesticides was reduced in the budget.
Cannot copy folder “{0}” to “{1}”.
We're told what shape we're supposed to be in.
is I can only speak this paragraph,
United Nations: Conventions on Terrorism
The problem is with the tone of the protest .
But I didn't think it would be something
where we cheer our heroes
Select the group of tags you want to use
I spoke to him on the phone at 10:30 pm
everyone in this room and you
So a movement must be public.
Link selected text to a new note (Ctrl-L)
If you are regigtered blind or partially sighted .
{0} left the network {1} and {2} other network
point by point, with the supply that you're making.
as an op-ed in The New York Times.
Eating and drinking for healthy teeth
YR: Needless to say, I would like to apologize
for representing the space around us
Then Aswathama used the Brahmastra on pregnant Uttara.
60% of the mumbai population stays in slum areas
[%s:%u] Invalid log target '%s'.
Charging - %s until fully charged
Uttar Pradesh Has 70 Districts -
Read Quraan Shareef online: conversational Arabic Quraan
He went in first .
They could not take the traffic offered .
Wikipedia:Do not disrupt Wikipedia to illustrate a point
Mark citations in the message “Preview”
but you actually appear to be more competent.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
and thanked Reddit for its participation.
Indian historiography non - Congress ignore elements
Indian Institute of Technology Delhi
Archive does not contain expected files.
health problems of the higher state of cardiac issue,
Unable to connect to libvirt.
And nobody read it except for my mom.
You should be a one-buttock player.”
Mortality rate is very high .
Error initializing module ‘%s': %s
Things became worse when the British came .
This is a room full of young men
if you know how to pray, pray.
She just says, “No thank you.”
A Sessions trial is held by the Sessions Judge .
or a diary that lives in a box somewhere.
Device usage may be tracked.
History of Akbar on Kasba.
out of the room to run some tests,
It's not going to be like
and received 10 times the coverage of the IPCC report.
The most recent example being my otherwise wonderful flight
most elementary solution to a problem that was possible.
“Think about a church steeple”
Failed to write file '%s': fwrite() failed: %s
Multiple terminals in one window
Government of India Act 1935
This had a double disadvantage for the country .
The protocol of the security origin
He complained a bit :
but in a very specific context:
DO SOMETHING YOU LOVE FOR A LIVING
<b>%s</b> through %s has assigned you a task:
It ends from the 18-21 years between.
My business plan is very simple.
Create a symbolic link for each selected item
run gcompris in fullscreen mode.
A general viewer of you tube and youtuber.
Always allow plug-ins on %{HOST}
Whether to truncate multiline pastes to one line.
And so the next time you meet someone, a stranger,
Imports averaged about Rs 10 crores .
Food cuisine of central regions of India
And so I forgot to tell you the scale.
monks management school -here entirely vedic literature culture also provided
and the heart by which he or she understands.”
to teach in the state schools there in Kuwait.
we don't have to make them want that.
Indian Council of Agricultural Research
Success is in the doing.
Himalaya is the Heritage of India and Nepal.
Failed to export public key.
Is a package upgrade in process? Error: %s
Draupadi's dishonor and Pandava's exile.
it seems to be that we are causing
Masses flock to markets throughout the day.
Pandavas birth and the network.
Can't move directory into one of its descendants
Notice that we don't do this in science.
Specifies whether the window should have a resize grip
it was quite a sensation -
Network name is already taken
and she watched the entire washing program.
Number of files greater than
And they are not going down the right path.
But what if you could rate those movies
Logins are handled by this computer
Now we're on the upswing.
and we're constantly discovering amazing things
Are you sure you want to delete this task?
The Lord of the Rings
Vehicle registration plates of India
In my experience, in fact,
Enable audible notifications when new messages arrive.
The fraction of total work that has been completed
it appears that what I'm stating is true.
we sometimes have this bifurcation between business and the social.
He kissed her . <s> Awkwardly , boyishly .
This is better than the performance of many OECD countries.
Getting Started with Ubuntu 10.04
profile %s: has merged rule %s with multiple x modifiers
Only the notion of an Islamic empire began to end
Whether to use daylight savings time while displaying events.
And when things start to change,
Search string for keywords entered in the URL bar.
My life was not going to be the same.
<i>%(packagename)s</i> could not be installed
Disables hardware-accelerated video decode where available.
Researchers work with other communicators to ensure accuracy .
It's been proven to me time and time again
Augusto Carlos Teixeira de Aragão
Disables new design for OOBE / sign in flows.
How to claim see page 18.
again using all natural gestures.
Really delete this {0} note?
So The 99 work in teams of three.
The string '%s' is not a valid D-Bus GUID
the subjective truth of Alexander:
you know, same color as the Buick.
Gita Original explaination - Jayadayal Goenka
Disable multiple logins for a single user
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
When the headlines rolled, what happened was,
for the kind of bold initiative that is really needed.
Execute a shell in ${DEVICE}
the lake is completely frozen over -
and hope you won't notice.
No software RAID devices available
So the question is, why couldn't we see it?
Continue the installation in the selected language?
There are literally hundreds of those kinds of communities
Restore each selected icon to its original size
Could not identify the current session.
The man guarding the door yelped with surprise .
Invalid XRC resource '%s': doesn't have root node 'resource'.
What would the oak tree look like?
Slashes are not allowed in filenames
%a, %b %-d %Y at %-I:%M %p
Delete the selected memo list
%s: Could not lock cookie file %s
Click here to add an attendee
When we think about new approaches to aid,
is being reformed at the moment.
Save a screenshot of an area to Pictures
Bachchan has married to actress Jaya Bhaduri.
of the mind of a child.
and a terrified look on his face?”
It is very cold where you live .
This app is not available offline.
with the rest of the world.
the police to investigate the crime ;
The transient parent of the dialog
The information center for will be in existence
The little prince yawned .
Well connected, 800 years ago, through Europe.
There was an error running <tt>%s</tt>: %s
later japan has attacked on China completely
Filter method used for blurring
Inherit size setting from GCompris (800x600, 640x480)
The little prince was now white with rage .
a little homage to my life as an athlete.
Beans on Toast <s> Pasta
Xauthority file for destination display
Whether there is a visible cursor following device motion
Could not connect to shared music
which is, how are you going to explain
class: Geography of Uttar pradesh
Her mother name was Hemrani devi.
GroupWise Home Screen Name 2
It has short head with dished face .
Error while creating file %B.
Whether to use the “-use-the-force-luke=dao” flag with growisofs
those who decided on this base got justice.
this is the love of my life, my daughter Jay.
There may be equivalent ways to thrive;
Put personalized signatures at the top of replies
before and after injecting Botox
Keys were found but not imported.
Control the pointer using the video camera.
The problem with that view
Bafla ( balls made from gram flour)
Who will provide my orthodontic treatment ?
Oriya Mahabharata; Part-2 (Google book)
Whether to thumbnail PCF fonts
And you hear the voice of his father, Jor-El,
Click and drag to resize the track.
How they got slowly richer and richer,
History of science and technology in the Indian subcontinent
and take it out back to McMurdo Station.
Charging Calculating time until full
Ammonia , cyanides , sulphides , phenols .
they also made it illegal
Gandhiji is not present in this Conference.
Unable to execute '%s' Details: %s
The name of the startup program cannot be empty
It's a narrative spread across a number of different disciplines,
Requires some basic understanding of the concept of electricity.
And as we're coming down,
MOTOR VEHICLES ,AIRPLANES ARE LOCOMOTIVE SOURCES
An unsandboxed plug-in was prevented from running on this page.
and indeed continue to change those identities
which meant, not only a salary,
an anomalously warm and geologically active region
Synonym for option -safe-updates, -U.
Sometimes our cars get so crazy,
An Introduction to health and safety INDG259 HSE Books.
List of x-content/* types set to “Do Nothing”
“ Really truly . ”
I said to myself that I really needed a way
If enabled, use silence detection with the codecs supporting it
and then enables you to change the world.
trawled through company documents and other information
He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat.
A new version of %1$s is available at %2$s.\n%3$s\n
Width of the message-list pane
when the little goats we played with in the summer
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development
and we realized that they were not high enough.
or maybe some kids at the Boys and Girls Club.
Arrow keys & left mouse drag
And then in Kenya, what we did
This is a very impressive record indeed.
This CD could not be queried: %s
remembers where individual people are,
So maybe we'll try it once -
A fair deal and prosperity go hand in hand .
” He remembered something and tapped his forehead knowingly .
1. The ‘dhamm' which enhances the intelligence
We have social areas inside the aircraft
And these two images both fulfill these two requirements -
Access the USB device from %{VENDORNAME}.
Q : Are you scared of India ?
Difference between federation and confederation
The list of available profiles is:
1. Supervision, control and organizing all elections.
And in 1977-78 exports amounted only to 71,000 tonnes .
and gives him his message through a bite.
Help with health costs see page 29 .
Later, he became famous by this name.
but we truly believe that we can do it.
Will I need long- term care?
and the same sentence written in Dutch
Whether this tag affects the cell background color
The prevention and treatment of Head Lice
Failed to close file handle
is twice as big as the control's.
On the one hand, we have people that say
Would I be willing to provide a scientific endorsement
There were probably at least 30,000 different things tried,
protection against harassment and illegal eviction
Pandu : Sons of Pandu from Kunti and Madri.
Show and install available updates
Does n't the government help you ? ' ”
On a personal as well as social level.
Rajasthan an important part of India
but kids challenge glass artists to go beyond that
It turned out to be a bitter tea .
Category : Rivers of India.
Together, we've shown how powerful our public spaces
When in doubt tell the truth.
to fit into these guidelines
Change the page settings for your current printer
We should focus in on our ideas.
How are constant patterns achieved ?
Granada Group plc <s> Margaret Prosser, OBE
Three attempts may be allowed in exceptional circumstances .
Slim and his friends went through the country
In this process both the partners get sexual pleasure.
And this is what he got painted.
There's no real word for stuff that makes us secure,
We think it is shortcut.
Tip: Enterprise domain or realm name
34 . Are these late complications of diabetes preventable ?
Bachan is one of the most popular Hindi poets.
for some use of that.”
We found her one, we got her there,
The really crazy change is here.
and then they will stay for a day or two,
and then reselling it in these hard-to-reach places.
Are you sure you want to replace the current data?
that the United States Air Force had,
1998 Great American Insurance ATP Championships
Signed by <i><key id='%s'/> <b>expired</b></i> on %s.
Where was he now ?
Babhruvahan: Son of Arjun and Chitragtha..
Is there an equivalent process
Could not create the sketch folder.
so I have to conclude
The first day when I went in,
Can you not see me ? ”
And I want to make a time machine.”
Karma Puran (karma means deed)
These are actually wires wrapped in muslin
In fact I loved the movie how they
Can't rename file, filename already exists
actually evolved several things to avoid malarial deaths.
only in those cases can you really get the benefit
The Vaccine Damage Payments Unit
You cannot delete the 'unnamed' curve, it is special.
Those inquisitive maternal eyes !
An http(s) address for checking internet connectivity
Why could the yatris not have been protected ?
The barrel is long and well rounded .
to environment to health care, among others,
1989 Cincinnati Open - Singles
Those efforts had come to a naught .
Indira Gandhi Centre for Atomic Research
But when they met last nabi(saw)they created confustion.
One Thousand and One Nights
Error: Could not create list of objects.
It saved me from having a single story
and their prayers alone maintain the cosmic -
it's just a news story.
Lower window beneath other windows
like whether his car's actually there.
She knew zilch about sex .
JavaScript was blocked on this page.
so we don't see the needs of others -
Jack say, “Me, Mama-san, could we spend the night here?
Tunnel migration through libvirt's daemon:
central administrative chief is the president.
So this thing right here is freaking me out.
Bath or shower, wash-hand basin and toilet;
two of them are shown here -
And he went back to meet the fox .
is definitely not like organizing one in New York.
Set the message priority to high
Best representative poems of Eighth Centuries.
Now what is Atheism 2.0?
to translate this ancient, idiosyncratic handcraft
Save changes to image “%s” before closing?
The switch may be black or white .
Nature of the Indian Constitution.
The Election Commission , too , has drawn flak .
But they do bring along thousands of grassroots workers .
And they settled into a new life.
There are twelve thousands sholakas in the Universe.
that can cause you to lose brain cells.
“Well, how long did you practice on it
that very few people actually use calculus
So security is two different things:
And when Stuxnet infects one of these,
to make things accelerate faster.
Man's (Giver)convenience.... Man's (Giver)troubles.... Man's (Giver) pleasure
Will samples be taken ?
Localization used, but defaultlocale wasn't specified in the manifest.
Indian Institute of Technology Joint Entrance Examination
A good sleep is a healing balm for every ill.
A graphical frontend for Hamachi.
Cannot set signature script “{0}”.
The name of the directory is not set.
What sacrifice are the students called upon to make ?
Do not lock current screen
Papers and articles on terrorism and the United States
The icon for the number emblem background
And there's some spectacular things.
And there she goes, right.
back to China and elsewhere around the world.
%{URL} wants to permanently store data on your device.
“I'd like to live and work in a village.”
indira priyadarshini jandhi(1971 november,1917-31 october,1984)was born in islamabad.
Category:States and territories of India
Whole class about 15 minutes word work, sentence work
So before I go home to Brooklyn,
Locate the 'shadow' file and make a backup copy:
Each one of those lives matters a lot.
that you're a bad basketball player.
Most children don't get involved with drugs and solvents.
Save the play queue to a file
I wrote over 300 short stories
who are soldiers in territory that owns them.
greater consistency in analysis and the development of solutions
Swami Vivekananda came to him as the representative of India
These also made from marble and red Balua stone.
fully aware of ensuring that all peoples and all gardens
See page 20 on exclusion clauses .
Remove existing logical volume data?
Compositing for fixed position elements.
Would the security forces have to resume anti-insurgency operations ?
Independent talk: Main daily of South India
Insane idea, if you're a secularist person, like me.
and pretends it's the flu
if you spend 125 billion or 130 billion
Not enough memory to load RAS image
as a function of the animal's location.
How did the title “”Munshi“” get attached to his name?
Device to use as a camera
India at the 2008 Summer Olympics
No doubt , acid rain !
“ Did he see you ? ”
Highly soiled eggs should not be used for hatching .
Harivamsharai Bachan's Composition in dictionary of Poetry
I can't tell you when this will start,
They weren't physically transporting themselves,
Could not decode private key.
He would clean all of this with great care.
The sword remained where it was .
Now grid cells are found, again,
Could not go online in the network “{0}”
has ever established in the history of telecommunications.
The story that we're told
“ Good morning , ” said the railway switchman .
You don't choose the written word.
And she sat down in front of the machine,
Move between windows of an application immediately
and you unlock people's potential.
to explain what a person in a story is like
so religion can confront the house of meat.
you're always trading off something.
I wish I could find the words to convey this.
(By MQM Provincial Committee Peshavar)
trying to figure out what I'm coming behind
I'm an artist and a dad - second time around.
Unable to load stock icon '%s'
Two years ago, in Galena City, Chihuahua,
This is today known as birthday of rajasthan.
PKCS #1 MD5 With RSA Encryption
Helping with your children 's reading
Please go to question 12
People have high hopes about Diwali.
So three things had happened.
Janapath News-The most important daily of North Western India
Selucas Nector was most powerful among his successors
Toggles whether the Subject field is displayed
And I was so humiliated and mortified
And she thought for a minute and said,
That's why government got compelled for him to set free.
We have to recognize that human flourishing
Every language is an old-growth forest of the mind,
Using %(used)s of %(total)s (%(percentage).0f%%)
This profile is intended for the SONY PRS 300.
is nothing short of rocket science.
Vary soon, Subhashbabu became one important leader of the country.
I stayed with people like this.
Claiming Income Support or income-based Jobseeker's Allowance?
There were already two such establishments in Calcutta ,
Microsoft Challenge Handshake Authentication Protocol
Add this launcher to panel
Do you really want to empty the slices preview?
focus on the capital markets,
MTNL and tata have introduced broadband service over here.
mixing influences from Jay-Z to Fela
We find more and more
If checked, the device will be unlocked at startup [!noauto]
Phone no: 0114 259 4422
Type the characters you see in the picture below.
would be reflected in the college.
1996 Great American Insurance ATP Championships - Singles
Just Dance (Indian TV series)
The leader was everyone on that page.
as Craig Venter has so elegantly shown.
Scanning the security updates repository...
There is a real correlationship,
That sensitivity is what we need. Once this belief enters,
It's fun to be fooled.
Remember password until you logout
and we will spread that and plant it
Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol
These four parts became fomous as Rigveda,Yajurveda,Sama-Veda and Atharva-Veda.
Set the orientation of candidates in lookup table
they just two days ago announced
is create the conditions under which
It was way more important to me,
His sister Kripi married Drona
Amar Ujaala (in old way)
Chris Anderson: Thank you so much. That's incredible.
-LRB- b -RRB- People born in Gibraltar .
There are %s orphaned question attributes.
French Industrial Exposition of 1844
The time remaining when critical
So the whole nature of this thing completely shocked me.
Graph color for output network activity
that could support prebiotic chemistry,
We live in a technological world;
Others worry about peace and security,
As Congress President Subhas Chandra toured the country extensively .
List of African countries by population
rather than investing their money in food subsidies
Search documents and folders by name
Whether the widget should show other applications
Allows screenshots and galleries to be taken of videos
Are you bringing up a child who:
This is also expressed in biblical vocabulary
is that corrupt officials had taken bribes
On the agenda of Madheshi also there has several movement.
Please reconnect to a network.
This weather underground which is present is being the reason.
Account “{0}” already exists. Please check your folder tree.
If TRUE, the rows are all the same height
You don't have the right permissions.
A sample plugin in C with no features
Ibn Rashud who gave birth to Ibnshuvad in Darshan Shastra.
Well I believe that in any context anywhere,
Back then in the 1920's the oldest film was made.
smartcard driver '%s' could not be loaded
this is constructed with four parts of mughal emperior
Lock when the screen locks
Comment on this item <s> Name
dasbabu was representing bengal in this movement.
that I wore the entire week.
Keshav(1546-1618),Bihari(1603-1664),Bhushan(1613-1705),matiram,dahnand,general etc are the leading creators of this age
That all of you seem to remember Iran
Turkeys mature when three years old .
And donations were pouring in from all around the world.
Block notifications on these sites
Teachers open the door. You enter by yourself.
more cohesion between policy - making and enforcement organisations .
But you know, I have a problem with children's books:
at rates it has never seen before.
Faiji (1547-1595) was brother of Abul Fazal.
I think it actually looks something like this.
the best thing they could do
to run a distance of 26.2 miles
“”Wade says it, it was recognized world
And I said, “So what were you doing?”
This is actually pretty typical of four year-olds.
It can be the other buttock.
David Metcalf <s> William Brown
Can't rename file, filename already exist
what we probably will find
GL23 Social security benefit rates
Failed to lock the lock file '%s'
He knows more about solar
The milk vessels should be clean and properly washed .
Unable to find terminal required for application
And we also use three laser range finders.
We have to stand together.
Click on the purple duck
Failed to close the clipboard.
knows at least one child that is suffering
which is more difficult to really resolve,
Mumbai is the biggest city of India.
Progressive Party of Working People
You have just inserted a medium with digital photos.
16. Festivals and Holidays of Hindus are attached with happiness.
He accepted this condition without any hesitation .
Persistent organic pollutant types which can bind to specific matter.
Member of the Legislative Assembly
List of airports by IATA code
And then the next year, we start again.
Change to restore open pages
But originally the significance of the bindi
These are truly paperless offices
So the final part of the puzzle is,
From this view, it is an ocean.
In general , your employer 's duties include :
This sound is heard in deep meditation.
America's president wife is radiant glow
Steel production reached 66,000 tons in 1934-35 .
.Sikandar Lodi esablished the city of Agra in 1506.
And what seems to have happened here
But I feel that we can and will survive .
It's not that a coconut fell on my head,
Is this going to matter in a decade?
Second Phase 25th March 1948
Failed to resolve dependency problems!
those milestones in a life that people want to celebrate
and when I was six
Format the volume associated with the open folder
Whether cell should align with adjacent rows
“ Daddy sometimes had funny ideas .
Initial folder for GtkFileChooser dialogs.
and Theft of Intellectual Property -
and be able to detect when things start to change,
Alexander asked, “What are you doing?”
8. We can also accept applications sent by e-mail.
It is never too late to reap the benefits .
The eggs are of white colour .
told - The book of Allah.
This definition covers the two essential conditions of nationhood .
Execution of command '%s' failed with error: %ul
who still heat the water on fire,
and has lifted many millions of people
” I ' m not afraid of failing .
They stayed there in the dark , without speaking .
And nobody knows just why this was so,
For example, if one of the following applies:
You see, Indian music, for example
Of course he had !
that, if we destroy these silent places on Earth,
as they fly in formation.
it's still in its early phase.
We have to reform our economies, change our leadership,
sort through them and organize them,
Goals determine what you are going to be.
%s: failed to connect to parent display '%s'
we have loaded the laundry;
about us filming in the place,
Open the contents of the File System
There he saw an outcaste Chandala girl drawing water .
Hindi to Punjabi translation (Punjab University, Patiala)
New Zealand national cricket team
Text to search for in the view
The site's security certificate has expired!
Error running shell in /target
One of my favorite cartoon characters is Snoopy.
Category:History of the United States
The emperor sat in the Diwan-i-Khas trying cases .
Wait until print job “%s” finishes before closing?
As a result, our complications are significantly lower
Ask if any check has been made .
Mughal Empire was extended upto Kabul.
We call it the cloud of normality.
He made the contemporariness strong principle in literature.
Recovery takes between four and six weeks .
which basically showed us that there were large-scale fluctuations,
Help with the cost of bringing up a child
and a barrel of free ink.
And I have it here in my purse.
and the notation usually is a capital sigma.
So they take the data,
Yuyu Rau: Hi, I'm Hetain. I'm an artist.
you are a lone parent
This greatly affected scientific agriculture.
Arrow down to load list.
Rajya Sabha's (Upper House) federal form
There were a few who were educated .
is not necessarily good for our health.
and give him the green light or an orange light.
In Indian iterature, Mahadevi Verma is like a star.
Left to right, top to bottom
Savarkar then rose and made this memorable statement :
And people started renovating their own structures.
Here's one from Cristine Legare's lab.
Memorize the objects below in the given time
Therefore at the insistence of Brahmaji VedVyas approached Ganeshji.
Unable to start the program: %s
Username and/or password invalid. Please try again
Whether to use the theme for chat rooms or not.
they spend in their natural mother's womb;
Other useful contacts for carers
Display notification when a member comes online
I guarantee you the next 30 days
and it seems like 4,000 years ago,
Angle at which the label is rotated
whose English pronunciation is really bad,
8 . Has the patient died ?
And yet, nobody listened to them.
Because of which his batting passion was affected.
Started but not yet completed
with fear, I think we're well suited to
that would be based in good part on tourism?
In his deeply authentic self,
He twisted himself away with fury .
we've done things in libraries.
Always allow $1%{HOST} to set cookies
as they were being transported to intensive care.
Besides cricket, he is also owner of successful,self-named restaurant.
and that eventually cause pathology.
Why don't you just say I'm a researcher-storyteller.”
Middle-east Africa and Urope has Musalman Communities
Play 'I - spy' .
I started writing English questions on the blackboard.
Gautam Buddha in point of view of other religions
You get hints, the actual steps for that problem,
But of course, they don't listen.
Here's another interesting truth about the doodle:
The quotient represents signs of the ecliptic .
Enable PeerConnection APIs for WebRTC functionality. More info at webrtc.org.
There are fourteen thousand verses in the BhavishyaPuran.
That human is still asleep within you.
So we put his writings, letters,
it will be not a diamond pendant
to a street kid in Calcutta
I started thinking about the relationship between communication, media
looks appetising and tastes good ;
we have in Mexico first.
can the babies take statistics on a brand new language?
Lahore gate is the main entrance
Disabling netinst CD in sources.list...
A parsec is 3.26 light years.
The program is called Code for America,
What are the chances that this represents
you think, “I'm really small. What are my problems?”
It is much more difficult … ”
Can we have some answers please ?
Here 'Sahitya lahiri' creation period receives a special place
Which just, I hope in a hundred years,
FILE An elf file (a binary or a shared library)
the washing machine has penetrated below the air line,
Could not start virtual network '%s': %s
Create an image file instead of burning
Koran mentions other 25 Nabis of God.
Why should we do this as Indians and Pakistanis?
So the question is: What would the baby give her,
Adam Ostrow: Kind of creepy, right?
Would you like to accept it?
It turns out, all you have to do
The house door slammed noisily behind the dragging footsteps .
Deep love is like a god for you
and actually tell them what they are doing.
Audacity could not save file: %s
No application is currently playing or recording audio.
It doesn't change; it's real.
Gandhijis companions did not cooperate at all with Subhashbabu.
enjoying the hospitality of the people there.
The first is the fall of Granada,
Error: Connection activation failed: %s.
I become more like myself.
If something goes wrong , get advice straight away .
three million by the end of the year.
Failed to fdopen() log file %s: %s
Other help you could get
Shadows would make them balk, a hose on the floor.
because they want to take risks
would have said that this baby was irrational,
Drag a pattern tile to an object to change it
So they're simple building blocks.
What about other landlords and tenants?
tajmahal building is rounded by security wall
here people make lot of idols
Please, don't try this at home.
but enabled by the collective action that emerges from literacy.
How can we possibly go to the balcony?
The conciliation service is independent .
What kind of evidence do we have for that?
my maternal grandparents were educators,
Sign up for an account
The Protection from Eviction Act 1977
the Obama campaign did, was they famously put up
intimacy,depth of entry,force of entry
and some that are bad for us.
Expected to write %lld bytes, only wrote %lld: %m
International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry
Determining the Age of a Camel
8 x 10 glossy photographs of themselves
Not enough space available on the disc in “%s”.
Visit the Yandex.Fotki web site
{0} left the network {1} and {2} other network
The bounding box of the actor's content
2nd stage was on 25th Mar 1948
Akbar and birbal are in lucknow
into the enemy, PBS limitations of boundaries 2006
Google (English:Google) company is a specialist in Internet searching.
That will be our number one priority .
that created value in the world.
at TED two years ago
And whatever would you do with me ?
Unable to start video output
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Filmfare Award for Best Actor
not always in a good way, but they do.
managing the tenancy; <s> consulting and involving tenants;
Have we made any improvement ?
There occurred a terrible battle between Laxman and Meghnad.
Set up or manage printers in %{CLOUD_PRINT_NAME}.
.Sur's love of Krishna and sweetness are equal.
The orientation of the tray
Are you sure you want to delete contact (%s)?
tall edges have long vaulted archways.
In 1880 , there were 20,000 persons employed .
another patient is getting ready.
OI Notepad is a full-featured open source note taking application.
The Telecommunications Regulatory Authority of India
Political work is a daunting task .
For instance , the date of the talks .
Unknown error while loading the plugin.
has to do with what I call “techno-trances.”
Specified group '%s' doesn't exist
Change sort order of list items
Now, I don't know if she's toying with me,
Cannot get folder: %s: %s
The left today can destroy ; it cannot build .
Navigate folders in a tree
We have Jami from Hungary, who first starts making weapons:
I gave them six GCSE questions.
This may take a while, kick back and enjoy!
“ Because that ' s what I am . ”
and we'll always look for a new frontier.
So here are robots carrying beams, columns
shroat:indian food and its art
Error opening keyring '%s' for reading:
novenber 2000 in canara bank also took his case back
Use different passwords for different accounts.
And that capacity to empathize,
_Update the network list every %S _second
0: 56Kbps, 1: ISDN, 2:DSL, 3: LAN, 4: Custom
Many of our folk toys
We want to know about dynamic things going around.
So I'd like you to image a mining industry
the defination of international law
But they will. The grandmothers will.”
When we talk about corruption,
At 31, he was not able
Navigate to the next page of effects
He was friendly and helpful , charming and soft-spoken .
Why would they go to that bother?
where the shorter and more clearly mystical chapters are.
His basic message was unity too,
to help diagnose your problems.
The degree of blurring from 1 to 127.
Many personal commercial and government art galleries are open.
Hubert Figuiere and the Tomboy Project
So the production side is working.
They feel they can train people all over the world,
And because you cannot see the vibration,
That shouldn't be news to any of us.
who are unable to get there right now,
It's abnormal to get rehabilitated.
The missionaries have opened a school for them .
Netaji Subhashchandra Bose- Great leader of Freedom
Package management software using apt.
No unhandled AppArmor events were found in the system log.
but corruption, it's made possible by the actions
this the main entrance for music mahal
and eggs and hummus -
of what they used to look like.
Unable to open tasks in '%s': %s
Keyboard shortcut to toggle full screen mode
International Center for Tzfat Kabbalah
each of them tell me one story in common ...
a watershed, a thought, an ecosystem of spiritual possibilities.
the Government spending over 50 million each year .
Krishna-Kavya-Dhara's main promoter is shree Valabhacharya.
than I've ever had in my whole life.
The social brain is controlling
control our egos, whether it is individual ego, personal ego,
This is a kind of a blowing straw.
What are they waiting for ?
this is situated in the height of 1362 meter
STILL NOT SURE ? 26
of night and light and the half-light,
which was by not a lot -
%s: setusercontext () failed for %s. Aborting.
Error: No Wi-Fi device found.
Y coordinate of the center of rotation
that rises to a level
I am convinced that we can make a wonderful world.
We find tens of thousands, even hundreds of thousands.
And these are just a few.
and he has been mobilizing communities in Chihuahua
hearing some of this, may well be doing the
Shreekhand (a sweet made from milk)
in the secretive company registries of the British Virgin Islands
Select all items in this window
Everyone was an owner in this page.
You are not allowed to open this file.
these teachers have used technology
and the other country Country 2.
Display '%s' cannot be opened by nested display
that were sort of shadowy.
a sense that would give us seamless access
You need to take them out of search engines,
we'll have no problem with power.
as individuals and as a community,
Checking for packages to install...
the Robotics Mechanisms Laboratory at Virginia Tech.
when the man is on top
Feel not loyal towards Britain: 16 percent.
But just a spark of imagination is not good enough.
I said, “Really. We have to show the other classes
or Research Councils of the U.K.
Amount to indent the paragraph, in pixels
had done YouTube videos on calculus,
They died of AIDS last year.
and challenges me to tell him
Please select format before saving a profile
finds herself also in the position of being the voice,
And for dollars, is their 30 million,
Tajmahal's aerial picture according to the imagination of an artist
This is Commandant Haji Malem Mohsin Khan of Kamenj.
And Country 2 is possibly India.”
And if you don't think you look good in something,
Shirin Farhad Ki Toh Nikal Padi
This profile is intended for the Irex Illiad.
We are now one of the largest running events
and I thought by organizing such a marathon,
They can take a man's life.
Recommend monitoring and control procedures .
Show progress of individual files
Choose a program with which to open the selected item
more cohesion between policy-making and enforcement organisations .
List of airports by IATA code: R
We hear a lot of talk about work-life balance.
to open my heart to others
And they can afford to watch how we work -
we need to teach listening in our schools
From Dashdwar to Sopaan (1965)
Dash pattern used to draw the tree view lines
Bowl yellow lentils and grind it after mixing with sugar
The Secret Circle (TV series)
common practice looks like at Riverside.
When Steve Jurvetson and Jim Clark
Backup all settings under “<b>%s</b>” Would you like to continue?
it's like an engine that's out of control,
By displaying despair, helplessness and hopelessness,
The timing of lodging the fir may be questionable .
Once we change those two things -
Batohi led the evidence for the King Commission .
Some cases are square in cross-section .
Statically, China is a one-party system,
List of cities in Bhutan
shared liability insurance, double-entry bookkeeping.
Progressive Workers' and Farmers' Union
that it's still with us today,
Support for many file endings and mime types.
Updating AppArmor profiles in %s.
We made it learn from us,
Most of the Hindus, worship of God via statue.
Failed to find the codec
As you can see, he's heavily influenced
the remaining people are sikhs and parsis.
Already this morning there were some allusions to the Africa
Agra was all about knowing each other .
Uttar Pradesh Rajarshi Tandon Open University
“Work smart, then work hard.”
Well in most cases it never gets this far.
Create a rule to filter messages from this sender
Error: No suitable device found.
“Before I die, I want to be someone's cavalry.”
Correct for light travel time:
whereas China is still struggling
Trust this certificate for identifying email users.
Timeout for ring, vibrate, or light notification.
but not a house full of other machines,
To give you some perspective,
may have served a very good role.
like Iraq, Egypt and Syria,
South Button Island National Park
Display part as an image
Like me, they are dreaming big.
Show process 'nice' column on startup
Ignore Reply-To: for mailing lists
Split Cut labeled audio regions to clipboard
Division Bench of Supreme Court
A . I do n't think so .
Where the Bill Prepose or present.
Error: fields for '%s' options are missing.
” I do n't believe you !
on the demise of guys.
the hub of democracy around the world,
Last time empty junk was run
Walmiquiy Ramayana, Publisher: rustic Book Store, Delhi
Opens files in specific applications.
You're allowed to hate these people.
“ Is God there ? ”
The father could not believe this for a moment .
the posadas, El Grito, the Day of the Dead,
But from now on, we count per capita.
There is one really big problem with this.
And life may no longer need us either.
SOCKSv5 authentication failed due to wrong username or password.
Whether to enable offline web application cache.
If they persist , the police can be informed .
Network unreachable through SOCKSv5 proxy.
A mare 's milk contains 9.42 per cent solids .
Except this there are number of name of Kuran.
%s could not be opened
Check interval for Pidgin syncing of contacts.
Hold on! Wait a minute!
And I urge you to get involved in it
13 September 2008 Delhi bombings
Okay. Now, if you want to understand
Express love to fuck Achsara the action is played Pehele
Failed to load image '%s': %s
but its true this present nature is churned out.
He was restless once again .
I use his photos to continue spreading the project.
The big stentorian door of fatehpur sikhri.
Default charset in which to display messages
burden of household was with Narendar
Whether buttons for creating/manipulating files should be displayed
Cannot verify message signature: Incorrect message format
The currently inserted disc could not be blanked.
Meanwhile , HIL 's bottom line is shattered .
There is elevated path in the garden
So they'll probably think it's five years away.
Please close all Chromium windows and try again.
It's also available here or in any part, I guess,
my mind immediately went to one of the cartoon strips,
I have linear algebra, science, physics,
Well , I really do not know myself .
Can you recognise a sniffer ?
has put food at the center of the G20
is that we're not properly studying
it is generally furnished by flowers and fruits.
What kind of braces will I have to wear ?
She replied, I also know about [sanitary pads],
-blocksize nnn (set max disk block size in bytes)
Elections to The Uttar Pradesh Assembly
You can find more information at http://www.magnatune.com/
Look for subtitles for the currently playing movie
“%s” does not have a suitable type for video projects.
and the video keeps playing.
but to cope with the circumstances of previous centuries.
He got together a Ramakrishna-Vivekananda group of young people .
This will remove the connection: %s Are you sure?
Lead emission drop by more than 98 percent
In fact, in 2009, I was even more clueless.
Lipikaar: Best order to type in Hindi
Sorry, this experiment is not available on your platform.
The server refused access to this file or stream.
Amount of space used up by arrow
A graphical frontend for Hamachi.
being turned down; asking someone out;
So the redevelop the Hindu state in Delhi.
A consumer advisory group will report directly to Ministers
CA: Actually, let me just ask a question.
Contact: Brownley Road Social Centre, Wythenshawe Tel: 988 7146 (7pm-9pm)
the rise of the notion of population as human capital,
by a priest, a Hindu priest,
The Ummayad dynasty began because of this.
And then an enormous accident took place.
to model something porous and moving.
this time southern India were developed by Dravidians
Include Hostname Chooser (XDMCP) menu item
and actually working with them.
to drop worms in their little open mouths
Be sure of your facts before you do anything .
Error: Couldn't create D-Bus object proxy for org.freedesktop.DBus
Report and skip the new record.
What are the most common signs and symptoms ?
Please select one or more files.
Please select an Evolution Archive to restore:
Could not load WiFi user interface.
so Bin Laden is scarier because he has a name.
List of countries and dependencies by area
But then I started getting letters from teachers.
It was time now to infect India.
You must be authenticated to query documents.
Phone no: 0114 259 5880
Malformed PEM file: no IV found in DEK-Info tag.
Food Law Inspections and your business
that are reaching people all across the country.
new Head of U.N. Statistics, he doesn't say it's impossible.
Get information from leaflets , catalogues and labels .
Reloaded AppArmor profiles in enforce mode.
Rajasthan is Bharat's very important region
that 200-year-olds die of, before we have any 200-year-olds.
Move window to south-east (bottom right) corner
Impurity remains in landfill which produces methane.
We could have all these kids spreading businesses
Theory of Pashtun descent from Israelites
and this is a very, very famous cap,
They're my students, my friends.
Have you complained to the organisation or practioner involved?
I call that the hidden choir.
on a posting in Afghanistan.
They wanted to stir up controversy.
Mrs. Mahadevi verma was not much interested in married life.
Share this computer for another user to see and control.
Professor of Industrial Relations ,
%{PRODUCTNAME} can now sync your passwords.
Turns volume down or up
Tip: Right-click to remove control points.
Rekha along with Bachchan in film Silsheela
Premchand, the pen-laborer (Google book - Writer-Mohan Gopal)
them fill this mixture in the flour.
He had acquired position , power and fame .
Marketing of Fruit and Vegetables
This is a little straw,
Do not load user-specified applications
But the people who fail
is itself a factual claim
Perturbed he prayed to goddess Saraswati for a solution.
unusual irritability or aggression ;
A . Yes , of course .
But this 400 year old canal, which draws water,
Reduce the national suicide rate by 15%.
Search Folder based on Mailing List
Are you sure you want to delete the network “{0}”?
Could not evict member “{0}”
” But you - you come from far away !
You ate a wrong number.
and creating this map on the fly.
Railway construction noise and railway noise: insulation
His fingers were trembling .
Fetching summary information for new messages in %s
Retrieves information from application manifest through default tags and metadata.
%s: Can't fork script process!
Key file does not have group '%s'
because she never saw him again. He did not survive.
Smriti texts can be changed according to place and time.
Concise dictionary for Hindi and different languages
for some of the problems that come upon them;
Select which type of documents are shown
Halt the increase in the incidence of skin cancer.
China had an infrastructure disadvantage
came to our clinic with a diagnosis
Could not get a selection to modify.
How to move you with your emotions,
that would somehow penetrate the classroom.
And they're doing it at the district level.
And this is a section
which is to say, metabolism.
This is a reconstruction of Notre Dame Cathedral
Help with health costs see page 13 .
Cultural has many ways, in responsibilities
The rate of depletion in Haryana is no less .
Pointer can be controlled using the keypad
International Civil Aviation Organization airport code
Must specify a key or keys to get type
Play sound on new message
The cumulative effects of pollutants affect oceans too .
Unmount all mounts with the given scheme
The khalifa of abbasi gave importance to knowledge.
Practise subtraction, until all the cards are gone.
And he was overcome with sadness .
The ClutterBackend of the device manager
No problem , you nod in submission .
One, the perception of people,
Leaving this page will end your Chromoting session.
Airflow temperature of the drive
You feel frightened. Of course you feel frightened.
List of cities in Pakistan
the disabled, the mentally challenged,
Last month it happened again .
Can't monitor file or directory.
a different colorful, crazy outfit
Could not connect to Exchange server.
A religeon which showspecefull way.
I shipped my paints and arrived in Mahabalipuram.
Some CDs and tapes have song words printed on them
Whether WebGL content should be rendered
it takes something rather similar to brown fat
Mumbai South (Lok Sabha constituency)
It was the secular version of divide and rule .
infrastructure, urbanization, and single market -
Glanders-Farcy is a highly infectious and fatal disease .
“%s” is an executable text file.
of the world, and in all cases except one,
He really was a king , a wise king .
No loo, no “I do.”
A famous composition from Gitanjali :
The era of Caliphate in Islam began after this.
And immediately a voice shouted, “Kangaroo!”
-LRB- New Start Project -RRB-
would make the cattle balk. Like, for example,
Look at what Rojadeen has done.
of randomness, of data -
7 5 0 Islamic empire!
Proxy FreeDesktop screensaver inhibition to gnome-session
Invalid or Null Object ID passed to HasObjectClassInfo
In 1921 Mahadeviji got first class in the division.
Mugals control upto kabul and take under thier dinesty.
“ Schau mal , Ernst !
in all of the corners of the world.
Motion Picture Association of America
that he couldn't take the perspective of another person
A few investigators , however , doubt this .
Yet the problem remains and has to be faced .
about how robbers in the town of Musarri Sharif*
Some files have invalid filenames
a cybercrime operation through which they netted millions.
Some infections and how to avoid them
2005 attack is a point -asummary from university
Take a screenshot of an area
go faster, hit things harder,
Initial Chinese mode is Simplified Chinese
Go to the next image of the gallery
walls have been made in countries around the world,
like in San Francisco here.
fort of agra is the landmark of agra
A terrier is to a dog like a?
For further information please see our website .
Western Australia - most locations
And then, we applied an application on top
Pride - e- Hind Subhash
“ You won ' t be here much longer .
Flag of the United Kingdom
GL23 Social security benefit rates
led to overgrazing and the depletion of the resource.
to renew the message of the Torah and the Gospels.
that is able to fly over your heads.
the souther part ends in Delhi gate
If he turns to a particular page
The gray axis is non-monotonic
For us, we're very facile around electricity.
On Ram's resentment Sugriva sent his monkeys to search Sita.
that represents a place of better balance.
METHODCALL message: PATH or MEMBER header field is missing
Do your job simply, the girl will chase you.
Convert to PS level 1
All power bodies presnt themselves in parliment.
And these days, people ask me a lot,
You can do a lot to protect your child .
Failed to get machine ID
The electoral reforms in India
Find your way out of the maze (Move is relative)
the Internet also becomes the mode of carriage
Perhaps we should say the same thing about optimism.
True if the xsettings settings manager plugin is enabled.
The currently selected menu item
I have rescued more than 3,200 girls -
Sometimes our engineers and architects
The importance of Sanskrit to India and world.
provide an opportunity to revolutionize education.
The video view before having switched to fullscreen
And similar to “Double Rainbow,”
What did it matter ?
and the roadrunner runs off a cliff,
Save the terminal configuration to a file
Satvahno and Chalukaya are establish the domination in central India.
Completing the puzzle requires patience and logical ability
understand that people write in different ways for different reasons
This was the first step towards the creation of Rajasthan.
to tell us what pharmaceuticals are safe.
The life span is short .
List of territories occupied by Imperial Japan
slurp / tongue | snort
where I had an opportunity to teach
is suffering from a developmental disorder,
and they're sort of like secret architects in your bedroom.
Google Talk Work Name 1
And the conversation would go something like this,
She chose her colours with the greatest care .
it was eliminated from all the temperate zones,
They involved in second pollution.
Firstly, it's trying to remind you
Continue with the current modified project
is that it infected these.
to make these stories work.”
.Gabriel brings the message of the God to the
What they have sweated so far has no meaning.
We've worked on small schools,
Erasing data on ${DEVICE} failed
Gross Capital Formation in Agriculture
Rafting is done in ganga.
Failed to read enough data from child pid pipe (%s)
You need Wembley Stadium to host our parliament.
And we have a very vibrant network in China, particularly,
New Deal for Young People
Failed to mount Windows share
In other words, what is a meritocratic society?
Uttar Pradesh legislative assembly election, 2007
are dependent on one quality above all else,
she was selected twice as India's Prime minister
They probably could not think of anything better .
They want the washing machine in exactly the same way.
will get eaten or starve.
Cannot open contents file: %s
Failed to get pixmap %s
Select a file to open
Error unlinking lock file '%s': %s
So I think those babies are actually making complicated calculations
into those little open mouths.
List of the Hindu festivals
Could not write to po file ({})
Printer '%s' is low on toner.
Compressed icons are not supported
Don't try and introduce the system at once .
which will create the new world.
%s %s but it is not installable
Error connecting to the synchronization service. Please try again.
These Christians, who are these Christians?
Doctor, whatever you say, I accept it.
And, therefore, for us to be human,
The partial upgrade was completed.
The two passwords are not equal.
Failed to disconnect from “%{DEVICENAME}”.
And so the backstory of The 99
Could not load summary for %s
Life cannot subsist in a society but by reciprocal concessions.
Elephants are valued according to their age and training .
Now we're going to zoom back out,
and have someone else drive.
Martin Luther King said that
Whether the animation should loop
found me when I checked into a deli
you see the neurons and the synapses of the brain
Office of the Health Service Ombudsman
Start an instance in incognito mode
but this is available in India.
Failed to clean up debug report directory “%s”
And they all fit together.
“ I noticed that , ” the boy answered .
The medium is J . Jayalalithaa .
User authentication required for wireless network '%s'...
Intelligence and Terrorism Information Center - www.terrorism-info.Org.il
Other important cities of the state are Agra,Aligarh,Ayodhya,Bareli,Merath,Varanasi(Banaras),Gorakhpur,Gajiyabad,Muradabad,Saharanpur,Faizabad,Kanpur.
Whether highlight tasks due today with a special color (task-due-today-color)
Unknown action to be performed
Goes to previous live region.
'Jodha-Akbar(film)The story of Akbar's rise
the extra life boats that were added
Near Mumbai university,Rajabhai gantaghar is situated
has been my life passion.
a vision which reveals disruptive ideas, which is inspiring,
He wanted to go out and do an experiment.
Font file for the font you want to use
Country of origin for the keyboard:
ERROR: Could not get password entry for superuser
60 percent: revenge and retaliation
And we did this 32 times.
which is one of its kind in the region,
TD: And I still do
It did tell me that this route
These heroic acts are present all over the country.
Or … or never wake up at all . ”
And we rely on others. We rely on proxies.
Head of Economic and Social Affairs Development,
now think about that for a moment.
And we essentially pass light
covered these big canals like anything.
Mrs. Mahadevi Verma was the tedium of her Marriage Life.
10 years after the beginning of our war.
“ They ' ll laugh at me . ”
Okay, there is my childhood church.
Should it be a more aggressive form of treatment,
The immortal door of Fateh pur Sikri.
And , hey presto , Basu reached there too .
Are you sure you want to revert all changes?
Help with health costs see page 14.
I see, have the potential
In other places they drove away the landlords .
The spandrels on both sides of the archway.
You might catch cold here .
does not want these stones to update,
The company is without any working capital since .
It ' s quite easy .
grows into an oak tree,
and the video result -
Keyboard shortcut to open a new window
The orientation of the tray.
Not enough memory to load icon
Member states of the Commonwealth of Nations
Archive does not contain expected files.
one person was constantly invisible
Broken pipe: write to pipe with no readers
Unable to load file '%s': %s.
But I also see lots of poverty,
Very helpful message, isn't it? Please report a bug.
Non-resident Indian and person of Indian origin
Quran itself says and they read with right of reading.
A fair deal and prosperity go hand in hand .
And that's taking us to McMurdo.
This is more serious than maybe editorial cartooning.
But we're not there yet, by far.
Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University
I would control it directly with the public
and how to develop research technologies,
Ek Baar Kaho (1980 film)
Traders often belong to trade associations .
that we've connected in this way.
It can envy many municipalities,
An archive manager for GNOME.
Laloo and Arafat both donated blood .
I couldn't build this the way I knew,
He was overcome with emotion and sang a vachana :
He left his princess married to Akbar Herkha get accepted
You want your kids to have a better life.
Political consciousness was now superimposed on economic consciousness .
List of Bollywood films of 2012
The British military headquarters was built
Key presses repeat when key is held down
He has scored 12891 runs as an opener.
I choose to be happy.
Could not use system package installer
putting child care facilities in the workplace
Allow keyboard to pan and zoom
in fact, they all do that -
At its tip it is toothed and sharply hooked .
I didn't know if I could do that
for a great human computer, do we?
And this is combined with a top-down approach,
Indira Gandhi Wildlife Sanctuary and National Park
Take care if you buy at an auction .
he no longer ruled the Soviet Union,
(see pages 2 and 3)
“%s” is an empty file.
Bharat Operating System Solution or BOSS
that I'm getting this reward, or because of the revolution?
ram rajya became an idol for everyone
Extra space to add for GTK_CAN_DEFAULT buttons
Old houses have their voices , too .
starting from the point that we started the therapies.
in the past have helped create new economic forms.
The industry lost its markets on the continent .
Financial help is always welcome when bringing up children .
And which one is a democracy?”
But, the fact is, in fact,
Use %A for address and %N for nickname
The display compensation table is invalid
If this woman has to carry water on her head
but to connect those business
The National Assembly for Wales,
and what many people perceived
Sumitomo said, “Why don't we experiment
It shifted the Earth's tectonic plates,
feeling chases model, model chases reality, reality's moving -
I wouldn't call it hate mail -
This is known as Muslims' catastrophe day
We have access to it all.
missing subpattern name after (?&
Northern Buselines-Organizing Indians around the world.
This is a region which probably has more than 100,000,
So either you sub-optimize your needs to a larger scale
Select a text file containing labels...
The main constituent of acid wastes is sulphuric acid .
Because it's bad enough, not getting what you want.
White Sun of the Desert
A separate Minar is divided into 3 equal parts.
Dana: But I can't help.
Eye of GNOME Image Viewer
Because the thing about being autistic is,
And I know that's knowing laughter.
Alternative site of Sanskrit OCR.
Amount of saturation in percent
List of airports by ICAO code: V
Error reading from handle: %s
and Alexander said, “I am conquering the world.”
They could barely see the boy .
Rats! %{APINAME} hit a snag.
The other volunteer who had arrived just before me -
Faizi (1547-1595) was the brother of Abdul Fazal.
From his mouth immediately 'ram ram' words rushed out
There is a hospital and other educational institutions .
as first responders to look for intruders,
Display basic information for the selection
Make the current document fill the window width
Beep when a toggle key is pressed
here in this Sidney Harris cartoon.
Horses feel greatly encouraged when affectionately patted .
6. God take repeated births for the defense of religion.
and it got way too big.
Localization used, but defaultlocale wasn't specified in the manifest.
and parts of Afghanistan and Iran.
“ Paul … ” she said softly .
Move the selected item out of the trash
Switches between Gecko native and Orca caret navigation.
He drove away his thoughts and his fears .
Thirdly , communication was central to Darwin 's research .
How will I be involved?
Deputy Prime Minister of India
Cannot upgrade directly from version {0}
Error: GDM (GNOME Display Manager) is not running.
This may leave your computer unable to boot.
Some of those reforms have been good.
the country has performed at a double-digit rate
And I live in the neighborhood,
but it was really the first follower
that mimicked those of autism.
Hindutva: Who Is a Hindu%3F
It's raising lots of questions about bilingual people.
Could not connect to the server
List of national capitals in alphabetical order
Package %s should be installed.
Sorry, there are no photos that match your search.
Signon service did not return a secret
Valmiki Ramayana, publisher : Dehati Book Store, Delhi
Imagine if you actually took
Subscribe to Other User's Calendar
-LSB- Also see under chapter 11 -RSB- .
And somehow we get those things crushed.
is what I call as “the ideas that have arrived.”
Which of the following sentences defines better an 'ostracized' person?
that the only way to understand what that is
Mary of Jesus de León y Delgado
Allocate extra space for the child
<b>%1%</b> of <b>%2%</b> Sticky Notes were successfully imported.
Marked up text to render
Access the icons of the websites you visit.
how far it would spread through water supplies
♫ Everyone's out in merry Manhattan in January ♫
The defence prayed for bail .
Set the value of KEY to VALUE
Output from Roman to Devanagari Sanskrit-OCR program to convert
Delete this photo from camera?
Indians into a buoyant middle class.
YR: The only problem with masking it
we think that polemics are not persuasive,
Set range to '%d' - '%d'
Of course, I'm not sure they'll be up to it.”
We filed the patent for her,
The more afraid we are, the more vulnerable we are,
to other markets, to governments, to corporations -
www . carers . org
Ask the user if additional firmware should be installed
it creates a powerful cooling effect.
that's hard to create - but it is coming.
Detecting link on ${interface}; please wait...
There's also good with credit.
He's the father of us all.
Numbers from 1 to 1000 for the last level.
to get that device just below the tabletop.
Each team consists of 11 players.
Connect to Hidden Wi-Fi Network
Allow other applications to secure your data with OI Safe
community-friendly development can still make a fortune.
Eastern Time - Indiana - Pike County
What happens during the hearing ?
Only URL or import installs are supported for paravirt.
Check with your social security office.
The conceited man again raised his hat in salute .
But Mulla Assamudin was proved to be not eligible.
But this is no ordinary well.
You can get this from your social security office.
Tum Se Achcha Kaun Hai
Responses will have their referring URL logged.
So we bring a team together.
and from a public health perspective, these are real successes.
We're at best ignored and maligned and abused, at worst,
the editor of 'Hans' was Premchand and Kanyalal Munshi.
Please wait while Evolution is backing up your data.
Do the winners have any reason to celebrate ?
All copies of 'Soje-Vatan' were captured and destroyed.
Didn't find car and cdr for XML pair node
Suppress the “X sysconfig changed” warning message
Their Bibles have a little insignia
Colourfull butterflies and insects are found here.
Now it could have come from one of two places.
It found that over 70 percent of those cases
Downloading %1... (You can close this window.)
Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street (2007 film)
Housing Benefit and Council Tax Benefit see page 13.
The end , peace , escape !
and I logged onto the computer,
Open in a new Window
Thomas Babington Macaulay, 1st Baron Macaulay
values must be string or list of strings
In Kolkata Subhas babu had lead this movement
Browse and run installed applications
looked at 200 cases of corruption.
Now Khilafath has become valid possession of Usmani dynasty.
” Tangier is not like the rest of Africa .
providing adequate welfare facilities ;
as people have walked up to me this week
the perimeter around Atlanta, which encompasses now -
Whether the actor is reactive to events
The disappointed sister accompanies her brother in the exile .
Deciding which are critical to consumer safety .
Drupada: King of Paanchal and Draupadi and Dhrushthadhyumna's father
whether therefore we are condemned to moral failure,
Unknown type “%s” on <%s> element
because I used to run for my tennis titles, etc.
The maximum number of items to be displayed
It is believed that golden gates are heaven's two angels.
One has a working fluid, water and ammonia,
We walked down to the local park,
Add a prefix to the answer field
Display the title of each photo
Do all occupiers need a court order to evict them?
and that's what we're doing.
In her hand she held a crumpled wet handkerchief .
Error launching interface wizard: %s
There is a missing print filter for printer '%s'.
The consequence of the single story
Phone 273 4614 / 274 4289
Shubhashbabu was cried loudly after getting gibbet to Gopinath.
These are the critical control points (CCPs).
Aged 25 or over ?
Useful information <s> Helpful book organisations
Use native-style window decorations for packaged app windows.
The Chronicles of Narnia (film series)
Binding to take a screenshot.
the system has moved in a more liberal direction,
Clear all items from the recent documents list
Importance in the modern period.
Size of the druid window
The width of the visible area.
Select CIE reference values file
I was in a bit of a spot.
he climbed up to the edge
Do you want to empty the trash before you unmount?
Hadya from Pakistan, Jaleel from Iran who uses fire.
Saraswati influenced Manthara, who was the maid of Kaikeyi
” It happens all the time .
Now I'm not trying to be negative
all taken near Grassi Lakes in the Canadian Rockies -
is open, genuinely open for revision
Click to change your nickname
-60 dB (PCM range of 10 bit samples)
Display notification when the connection is lost
The evidence makes them change that hypothesis.
and it came from the last
we all agree there's a problem.
about individuality and communication and love,
that is worth considering? No.
which is the Dravidian word
and they live above what I call the air line,
SPECIAL BOOT PARAMETERS - VARIOUS DISK DRIVES
Because they are also a part of us.
and this is a series of front covers
“ Yes , I do , I believe you .
It transcends nation, gender, age.
2nd time limit warning CSS style
Perhaps the truth will prove stranger .
pakistan orignated as result of partition of india in 1947
Command line ‘%s' exited with non-zero exit status %d: %s
Failed to store image '%s' to memory VFS!
List of scandals in India
from geetanjali a new poem
and all Quentin has to do
directly to the stalk of the plant.
Mark all messages in a folder as read.
” Don ' t say that again .
2. There is a possibility of its misuse
If true, Gnote window will be maximized.
Spending : Money talks and the Luckies catwalk .
Unable to move junk messages
ONE IS KEPT ASIDE FROM SOME OTHER IMPORTANT PROGRAMMES
Invalid model name in the action definition.
S.H.: Well yeah, modulo one obvious fact,
the Curandero in the mountains of the Andes,
remember “We the people?” -
now it's oral history in my family.
They can withstand very severe cold weather .
Overall more that 1652 languages are spoken in India.
1 video skipped due to user cancel:
So the question is, what's happening
Do You Have to Tell the Police ?
You can't delete a preset without name
Unexpected tag '%s' inside '%s'
After puberty, we fall off the map.
My patriotism includes the good of mankind in general .
List of heads of government of Norway
Why classify the natural world ?
“ Mind your own business !
You can buy your home at a discount.
It was simply awful for women.
And so I said, “You know what?
we estimate the probability of something
better than our city contractors,
Understanding difficult parts from knowledgeable people.
_Update the network list every %S _second
The number stanzas in Brahma Vivarta Puran is eighteen thousand
and folded them together so where A and B touched.
Alpha blending transparency mask. Uses a png alpha channel.
Changes - Handle chair position
International Convention on Quality of Urban Air
The establishment of one islamic empire is getting over now.
which is a two-hour train journey,
Webkho: Search and policies including hindi other Martiy Amashaoan
Devil May Cry (video game)
to give us access to this information
He was shaken by a strange chill .
15. The biggest Mantra (Pray) is Gayatri Mantra.
International Commission on Microbiological Specifications for Foods (1988).
Hazard Analysis Critical Control Point (HACCP)
So who gets bumped off ?
Thumbnail command for PCF fonts
car crashes, domestic violence -
to confirm, to ratify that treaty. Whatever the candidates say
Religious world ( Hindi Blog)
Display notification when a member goes offline
that just sounded like they really understood you.
Invoices with Layout and Message
going up in the air,
Ideas are the essential basis for action .
All of those photos become linked together,
and don't know where to find a cup of food.
and our relationship with this man box,
I think it's too easy
and one of them mentioned,
If we really want to come to a point,
Restore Evolution data and settings from an archive file
between science and human values.
Entity name '%s' is not known
there's a researcher, known to some as Dr. Love,
A young lad like that ?
In western side of hamam, moti mosque was built up.
And he's perfectly making his way between the two.
Official site of Sanskrir OCR
to photograph that area because people thought
This account requires an application-specific password. (%s)
The SOCKSv5 proxy requires authentication.
The preachings of Buddha are as follows -
Truncate not supported on base stream
No groups set in bookmark for URI '%s'
Drag or copy files below to write them to disc
Not a valid credit card security code
More than 1000 elephants were used for transportation of materials.
and for the sake of living
And I was scared. (Laughter)
4. Destination of “”Hindutva“”(Hinduism) is beyond the Heaven-Hell“”
You've read about it already.
that babies and young children were barely conscious
Cannot open temporary mailbox: %s
Failed to create savegame file
of a billion people going to prosperity.
The file could not be saved as “%s”.
What should I go on waiting for then ?
Here's a study published by a team of researchers
Regarding this issue Bacchan was not found guilty.
and it killed 841 people -
{0} left the network {1} and {2} other network
Are you sure you want to delete the network “{0}”?
responsible for governing Afghan policy on the ground,
Please sign in to %{TOKENNAME} to import the client certificate.
I will not forget where I come from.
How will I get the result?
%{PRODUCTNAME} can not be run as root.
“Dr. Hong, are you insane,
Lock SIM card (require PIN to use mobile data)
So he takes their radio, talks to their boss,
that is not at some point reducible
this is universal that mahabharath crosses by different crises
At sunrise the sand is the colour of honey .
The cows are fair milk-yielders .
Google Chrome isn't your default browser.
Q . Are you optimistic of progress ?
3. General public is not aware towards public courts.
Samuel's kids are in private school,
“You mean, like, in the car?”
with her powerful account of the Holocaust,
This was done in 11th century.
The main religious community of Pakistan.
The attachment could not be saved.
it has some disadvantages also
Depression is also a general cause.
Daddy ! she called after him .
And so I did; I became a cartoonist.
it would slip away overnight.
Failed to get connection to session: %s
I encountered adults, who actually believed in my ideas,
which are responsible for where it has come today.
The concept of physical health is undefined.
Because at that time science has not acheived that heights
nor see it ever again.
they also watch regional cinema
and you offer a meal to girls in school,
I thought they were really well-meaning, but a bit naive.
I'm here today to talk
three of these non-visual user interfaces.
There are a lot of people
If we decipher the script,
cricket is also in website.
I only wish I could see my kids grow up.
Add Single to Keying Set
He answered a questioner at some length :
These nations are Nepal, India, Bhutan, Tibet, Afganisthan and Pakistan.
The Indian sugar industry has expanded sgnificantly since 1950 .
Could not go offline in the network “{0}”
Sachin has become number one again
Could not move %s to trash
Direction Changes - mean: %1.4f sd: (%1.4f)
Use a custom background color
Running in system mode, but -disallow-exit not set!
But what they were very good at doing
Error changing MAC address: %s
the tajmahal's building is guarded with its group of wall
So, blue, blue, everything became blue.
You want to know all that
Each panels grill made from mosaic fine work.
Some drugs are more socially acceptable than others .
And the way I got interested in this was,
what it is and where you can get one.
Tool for Hindi typing in firefox
You don't have to worry about the forces between them.
firefox to hindi word translator
Toggle window on all workspaces or one
is that in those two interviews,
But let's accept the strangeness of some of our ideas.
a long time horizon in terms of allowing those
Could not find a suitable authentication type: code 0x%x
And the first words that came to my mind
-LRB- e -RRB- private servants in diplomatic households .
“ Life attracts life , ” the alchemist answered .
It's a great tool of communication
Don't recognize this file server type.
IF YOU WANT MORE INFORMATION
Over 30 percent of kids never finish high school.
a great society within one generation.
Like the bird who flies over the field
These guys were running an operation called I.M.U.,
You can take a data set and put it there.
Toggles whether the Reply-To field is displayed
This source gives practical continuously updated data on:
they would shout things like -
Educational game for ages 2 to 10
What if I want to employ a student? 3 10
and I showed her my book.
%{DATA_SOURCE} (%{ALLOWED_COUNT} Allowed / %{BLOCKED_COUNT} Blocked)
Press %s to release pointer.
Always render the following URL patterns in the host browser
Transformed JPEG has zero width or height.
Sites of tourist attraction prepared by the national information committee.
He does not answer .
LEVEL : NEWS PAPERS OF INDIA
Goutam Buddha was preaching Buddhism|
The boy awoke as the sun rose .
His religious book is called Koran.
people got used to it.
%{HANDLERTITLE} is already being used to handle %{PROTOCOL}: links.
If you delay you may lose benefit .
right across the chest, that were also fuzzy.
Hide the tip that is normally shown with a question
Death of Karna and Shalya
Tag the selected photo as “%s”
It mixed with my earlier passion for drawing,
♫ See the champions take the field now ♫
What else do we know about the heart?
There is another checkbox running. Please close it first.
Suggest automatic display of attachment
Put it in a teapot, it becomes the teapot.
{0} joined the network {1}
not people who plunge blind off a cliff,
My mother was an administrator.
Follow symbolic links, mounts and shortcuts
to any position they please.
Went straight to the president.
Indians had a very natural reaction towards globalization
He said, “I think he thinks better of me now.”
We can't wait for the kind of draught
who'd never been interested in art,
and millions of oil dollars going missing.
He shall fare well who confronts circumstances aright.
National Anthem of the Islamic Republic of Iran
The pain, kindness shown in geeta version is artificial
WARNING: invalid or missing car_type or cdr_type for schema (%s)
given that it was stage IIB?
to serve those who are facing a civil war.
Politics, social and economic inequality,
Decline of Buddhism in India
Duplicate codes found, these entries won't be updated
Constitution of India is the world's biggest written constitution.
But one of the things that really worries me,
And that's what art is.
Four conditions in the early stages
On average, as a Chinese in 1965,
I ' ve had no news from them .
“Some of these verses are definite in meaning,” it says,
We grew up, and we grew older.
but it does not expect mastery.
Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor
30 kids with their fingers on their lips,
DIB Header: Unknown encoding in file.
It was still dark .
Allow sites to show desktop notifications
And they had this old brass and copper.
National Centre for Antarctic and Ocean Research
He was just and good .
how we measure the aerodynamic efficiency.
Unable to launch editor: %s
So, it depends on the terrain.
Unable to parse XML file '%s'
and the red Toyota down there,
over 600 hours of instruction
which means we're going to be taking care of you
The Indian fight squad recognises that source itself .
The duration of the stream, in seconds
Start the page with the typing break settings showing
Could not load address book
Let me look at this question more directly.
And that would explain why we have these strange patterns
They group together, they form institutions.
English and Foreign Languages University
At the age of 25 Narendra Dutt wore saffron clothes.
There are many shortcomings in this Constitution.
Show process 'Seat' column on startup
that was done entirely computationally
Containing mount does not exist
Players who didn't smile in their pictures
the fact that 15 month-olds didn't do this
Unable to find this memo in any memo list
Extended Payment of Housing Benefit and Council Tax Benefit
Sur's lesson 2 ( other poems lesson)
India's Hindi poetry on Rama
That these pictures taken with ultraviolet filter,
There are two son from Teji Bacchan, Amitabh and Ajitabh.
simulating all the major muscles in the human face,
Communist Party of India (Maoist)
Extract the selected archive to the current position
Sexual activities are also prohibited.
that should persuade the other.”
%s for %s on %s
to be a diplomat, teacher, doctor -
Network name is already taken
maps like this will make it possible
This would be of mutual benefit .
1 in 200 to 1 in 5000
About four-fifths of the output comprised grey unbleached cloth .
The radio tool button whose group this button belongs to.
And this in turn tends to be followed
she starts going on game shows and making money.
And it's a system with very high turnover.
graduated from the eighth grade.
We also have been working with some scientists
The disk image is %s bigger than the target device
Was poetry no more than this amusing exercise ?
But this is my daughter, Lauren, my remarkable daughter,
you are a lone parent
It was, “Which color would you like?”
People say strange things , the boy thought .
We had to engineer it
evaluation:convenience of woman.problems of woman.joy to woman.
and the blue line is commercial air transport.
Create Parameter not found in declared RTTI Parameters
Have breakfast with my wife and children.
Send key events to VNC host.
Could not refresh the screen information: %s
Premchand started realism in hindi.
Which kind of shadow to draw around the combo box
Scientists here are discovering how they affect the soil .
No such file or directory in target path
and then you'll start seeing the structure of the galaxies
is, I had to sell my work, and not myself.
and see the exact same thing.
Offline for more than a month
I'd like to kick off by looking at education.
that her intestine was outside her body.
Do you get any time for yourself ?
They were taking videos of buildings shaking.
( Telephone : 01908 830001 ) .
And the outcome about which
Success: Device '%s' successfully disconnected.
because, as a spiritual leader, I'm always attempting
You don't need a paper to hang on the wall
our student body elected a woman
milliseconds (higher = more latency)
by an incredible, principled effort
The contents of the tooltip for this widget
by moments when what we thought we knew,
WARNING: node <%s> not understood below <%s>
it can be leveraged as a portal
He had his schooling in the famous St.Xavier School.
Should I ask questions ?
the rabbits that are good at making that trade-off
That's a third side act.
concerned about the country's current situation.
Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation
We have to buy a lot of those ads.
that all good ideas will come only from our country.
so happy that she even voted for her.
But now she was a septuagenarian, she'd stopped driving.
Go to %s on file “%s”
Configure a network using static addressing
It was like watching the Pied Piper at work .
Could not determine remotely accessible hostname for destination connection.
You ' ve no sense at all !
The undaunted Savarkar said :
Short-term Incapacity Benefit at the higher rate
An additional plugin must be disabled
It's not used for anything.
after wards,Sybahsh babu was thrown from Congress
Kabir believes in the name of God than his form.
you know, humans have labored so hard to pick up,
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
When did mother will come?
DMX extension not present on “%s”
when it's completely dark for six months.
to dream and imagine what it will really take
“They don't pay me to like the kids.
Council of Scientific and Industrial Research
of cellphone videos, of email gossip.
We're emulating all the major facial expressions,
%s: Unable to remove “%s”.
Target object is not a directory
So the things that make a photograph look realistic,
Google Transliteration (converting one script to another)
The alchemist sounded angry :
Disable notifications when away or busy
I think back to my father.
The fox seemed perplexed , and very curious .
How does fluoride work ?
Poets' polite saint: Pant (1960)
I'm HIV positive. I've dealt with it all.”
Copying file %'d of %'d to “%B”
Because they're moving real fast,
The voluntary work must not be for a close relative.
%d. IPv4 address is invalid
The position of the untouchables was pitiable .
technology has liberated and made it accessible.
With older children it helps to:
Collections of Bachan best poems
23. Key changes could include:
that's the expiration date, that's the security code,
usual religious charity that the holidays bring us, wah-wah wah-wah.
Sahtya lahri is knock as sur's writing
And they designed it from the perspective of
You know, the thing is, autism comes in different degrees.
he was welcomed on shore by a flute-playing Jewish girl.
and I captured that idea within these stones that self-update.
To arouse his army, Netaji coined the slogan “”Chalo Delhi“”
Now of course, we had a very interesting discussion.
they are shaping the way we do things.
The type of action triggered by the button being pressed.
The width of the main window in pixels.
Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons
in northern state there is diffidence in climate
The chest is broad and the ribs well-sprung .
with the name, age, even building number
Could not load summary for %s
In a Wimbledon match, final match,
And that is the kind of discipline
Banana? Box? Banana? Box? Banana? Box?
This can be heard when one is deep in meditation.
It does not intervene in this process or this one.
and to listen to what I had to say.
Respiration varies from 15 to 30 per minute .
Malformed input data for GVfsIcon
And you'd make these chairs.
in what we call in English today “mass communication.”
heart disease, and obesity, and diabetes to one
Remember, this tradition comes to us
we don't have any kind of internal cue
11. Place of Hindutva in heart, cultural values and traditions.
Because of that, we still have the old mindset
Just then he feels a touch on his feet .
Stamp ticket issued on Premchand.
At 83 kg , Vajpayee is overweight .
We're just increasing our humanness
The duration of the animation
Copy selected contacts to the clipboard
Now I am in this body .
muslims, the Sayed Ubedoor Rehman “”thousands to denounce terrorism“” get-together.
but that is generally true.
That's your water that helps to make the cloud
Karna is also known as “”Danveer karna“”.
and invite runners to come to Lebanon
There is not always an obvious explanation for it .
Add a new hostname pattern
Username or password is too long for SOCKSv5 protocol.
Free NHS wigs and fabric supports
look, in a country like Tanzania,
then everybody who's on a board of directors
on some of the most precious resources of Africa: people.
But they weren't given that choice.
The problem and why it matters
“You went around 'the world.'
<date> specified twice for this theme
We don't know who he was.
How the size of the content should be determined
Karmayogi Kalam (Google book; Writer: Lakshm Prasad, Sandilya)
If enabled, use echo cancelation
So, this is the first device they use
as the assistant captain of a volunteer fire company.
that every culture has a point of view
No matter your position of place in life,
One woman loses 15, maybe 20, members of her family.
and something else happened instead.'
Use frontend. Currently available: DistUpgradeViewText, DistUpgradeViewGtk, DistUpgradeViewKDE
Link my Chromium data to this account
This was completed in 1908.
No command '%s' found, did you mean:
You don ' t know what ' s … ”
Please add songs to the project.
Amount of brightness in percent
With firefox Hindi search add-on
Your computer will restart when the update is complete.
Remember when I said feeling, model, reality.
Enters and exits flat review mode.
To Place a Widget on the Clipboard
National Handicrafts and Handlooms Museum, New Delhi
Contains no powerups, so only your driving skills matter!
List of Grand Slam men's singles champions
<b>Location of the LPD network printer</b>
that the readers are most likely to want to eat,
star life of Kalpana chawla and her dream -gurdeep Pandeer
Could not leave network “{0}”
Please give information about dairy business.
Scale factor on the Z axis
Wait for SpamAssassin child process interrupted, terminating...
At 7:45 a.m., I open the doors to a building
literally at times, their lives at stake
Please insert the disk labeled: %s in drive %s
we're likely to ignore, even if it's compelling.
on the planet that year.
than people one was at school with.
Failed to unset breakage key %s: %s
A keyring with that name does not exist.
These effects were all unanticipated,
Change the panel section of the main window
Start a new game playing only logic games.
9. Ladies are to be revered.
List of airports by IATA code: J
Duration of the animation, in milliseconds
Email me if someone replies to my comment
Maximal number of concurrent connections to the proxy server
just playing around, doing something - I don't know what.
The darkness hid them .
Nested display %s on virtual terminal %d
I told you last year, I'll tell you again,
Coat of Arms of the State of Uttar Prdesh
This was the seventh Muslim town of Delhi City.
the American military, on tours of 12 months.
Not enough memory to load bitmap image
Keyboard shortcut to open a new tab
Error listing dirs in ‘%s': %s
Tel : 0181 516 2977
Whether or not to allow fingerprint readers for login
by providing them with affordable access
Hight also kept in mind.
you know where every can versus bottle
Flag of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Do not show this dialog again
This is the cover story.
Take their results seriously .
Encrypted ONC file is malformed.
When you play a game, always read the instructions carefully!
Verbal analogies. Challenge your verbal aptitude.
So you might want to have multiple robots
Suddenly, the burden of proof for legal versus illegal
The height of the main window in pixels.
Error checking existence of ‘%s': %s
The tea seemed less bitter .
200 of them volunteered immediately.
Stop the multi-disk drive associated with the open folder
Could not run the upgrade tool
having no real sense of what their talents may be,
to one big question ...
to prefer life to honor,
that life is not linear, it's organic.
Difference = %.1f Average rms dB.
Cannot delete folder: %s: No such folder
every week in the boys' room,
Check the data integrity on this CD or DVD
On my planet I had a flower ;
.Relations from constitutional point of view
WK: This is my parents, boughting the radio.
This list is just for illustration; it is incomplete.
Objects must have an id attribute
System status, or system help reply
You smile if you are happy
Agra is a District City and Tehsil of Uttar Pradesh.
It is estimated that one in six children,
Unrecoverable read errors while creating disk image
Many people have adopted these into their everyday lives.
Taj Mahal is counted among the world's most famous wonders.
No Joke : What 's in a laugh ?
The wasps and hornets belong to the Order Hymenoptera .
Failed to scan themes directory: %s
when the feedback is going to be immediate, negative,
Now the reason it won't work
Persian input method (ISIRI 2901 layout)
Arjun had killed Jaidrath by cutting his head in kurukshetra
The maximum number of filters (%u) was reached.
it shuts down the prefrontal cortex, the parts which learn,
” Well , you ' ll have to learn ;
What are you entitled to expect from the inspectors ?
Jab Pyar Kisi Se Hota Hai
SOCKS server's rules do not allow connection
It would be foolish for me to abandon this, because
Bundle up the message. Send the same message to everybody.
Only from sites you visit
The unit to use when showing wind speed.
There is one other contact.
Game level to start on.
and things like grenade toss and weapons care and maintenance.
loss or theft of your belongings ;
Used in conjunction with the “-immed” flag with cdrecord
You must log in to access %s.
to go away and look for your own data
Present answer options in reverse order
The complicated words in Vedas are clearly explainedin Puranas.
a flash of blue light,
The mood has passed .
-LRB- Specialises in adults with liver disease -RRB-
are no longer absorbing those statistics.
Oh, you've got a question for me? Okay.
Originally, the Class-system was job-oriented.
So standing out a lot from the background.
Are people getting smarter or dumber?
Select device to send to
Select an application for audio CDs
Sahoof or Ibrahimi which was told to Ibrahim.
Get statistics from these responses
Your python install is corrupted. Please fix the '/usr/bin/python' symlink.
Enable the “flat” spectrum analyzer in the spectrometer.
you can sell those infected computers -
and told the head of the department
Adding capability %s to profile.
So we need to change that institutional culture.
Today Pakistan's soil is witness to many cultures.
at the news desk on a Saturday afternoon.
Teenagers do not wear wristwatches.
HACCP stand for 'Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point' .
Play sound for new voice mails
Cannot export audio to %s
List of programs broadcast by Colors
Zipping failed, item exists: “$1”
Except this there are many other names of Kuraan.
And so my blog was just one of those 50,000.
learning about the techniques of calculus,
New themes have been successfully installed.
So then, what do we do about that?
when she forwarded it to my dad.
I am not against teaching English,
where it is much more advanced
the passengers objected to it .
She cast her fragrance and her radiance over me .
This is what those of us of a certain age
Kaykey was also made to the utmost regret
Enable Instant for faster searching.
In fact, when you go back to the beginning,
Save project as an iriver playlist
Anti-virus software detected a virus.
how did that come about?
Extension root directory is invalid.
who was pursuing the most unjust act -
And Nigeria, with the oil sector, had the reputation
about what to do next and what actions to take.
The width of the layout
Then I remembered it could be a bunch of things.
GVariant class '%c' not supported
Error: Failed to add/activate new connection: (%d) %s
The demands of modern institutional thinking is coming in.
Cannot access the “Exchange settings” tab in offline mode.
What does the {0} plugin do?
User authentication required for mobile broadband connection '%s'...
Now, this is a people who cognitively
but didn't get much result.
Bhim killed him by hitting his thigh deceitfully.
by about 15 degrees above ambient temperature -
What was the color of the text that said '{0}'?
Allow %{INTENT_HANDLE_TITLE} (%{INTENT_HANDLE_HOSTNAME}) to handle intents?
Modification tools for Urdu in Devanagari
of building him up as a man
Saraswati distored mind of Manthara, who was Kaikaee's maid servent.
when you put some things on it and not others.
It is better to prevent crimes than to punish them.
Add new event starting at ${title}
What repairs can you get done ?
I wouldn't wish this gift for you.
We've seen how distributed networks,
bring all trust where the embodied began collecting 3 Dor
Chinese students coming elsewhere, and going to school.
Enter your account information to get started.
How to apply see page 15.
Point source dispersion, is used for industrial sources.
It ' s raining .
Guided - use the largest continuous free space
I have always loved the desert .
You probably read something about it in the papers.
And it turns out that in India
You can do a lot to protect your child .
Cannot start the preferences application for your window manager
Hate leaves ugly scars; love leaves beautiful ones.
You may not agree with the ideas,
Hatchability is also low in heavier varieties .
into these small building blocks, which we call DNA.
It's a parabolic Scheffler solar cooker.
I mean, it just gives you the scale.
I lost my best friend to a car accident.
List of Presidents of Indonesia
you are registered blind :
others have problems with sound sensitivity.
where everything is not standardized,
If checked, the device will be mounted at startup [!noauto]
They can't pursue their dream any longer,
List of protocol names whose license has been accepted.
Module needed for accessing the CD-ROM:
Friendship doubles joy and halves grief.
that we've lost sight of.
maybe at least some of the time
guys, naturally included flashing, blue lights.
illness or injury while you are away ;
Rajasthan means place for rajputa
In the fight, Ram destroyed Khar-Dooshan and their army.
to stand out and be ridiculed.
Dil Bhi Tera Hum Bhi Tere
How to make a complaint
when he turned his telescope to Saturn.
Authentication is required to get default printer of %s
Automatically update these types of updates
revealed every ripple of wind
in real time so we could see what was happening,
when you're faced with a complex problem?
Please ensure that you use the appropriate form.
And I also had to learn how to do assignments.
A bitmask representing the state of the modifier keys
I come to also look at this
that's what I thought until I came here.”
PCRE library is compiled without UTF8 support
Mahdeviji was leading life of a hermit.
when my dad realized I wasn't going to fit in
to the progress of the human mind
We hope you will help .
By mistake he killed a merchant names Anosth De
emperror jehangir also used celebrate deewali in a great way
Governments are not changing it. Why?
Some of the required add-ins were not found
If YES to any, apply for Disabled Person's Tax Credit
There was law , but the population increased .
There was a positive side too .
Please enter the 8-digit PIN Unlocking Key provided by %{CARRIERID}.
These messengers are from mankind and invite people towards God.
including returning the type to its place,
scaring the living bejesus out of him -
I told all my students,
worlds highest peaks are situated in the Himalayas
Now, to opposite of a snob is your mother.
Having faith in the soul
it changes them from the citizens of the world
to multiple channels of communication
These are great ideas, village-level ideas.
cutting the extra part of skin of pennis
Palestinian imagery: A Star-of-David-shark devours Palestine.
Choose a mbox spool file
I feel like every time someone sneezes,
The padding to insert at the left of the widget.
I said I wanted to tell you the Awesome story,
because they have to go beg and find a meal.
The offline update failed in an unexpected way.
The urine is scanty and markedly greenish in colour .
Get help with using Chromium
or any of the intuitiveness of real life,
and they're just on the surface.
The Legend of Spyro: Dawn of the Dragon
<b>Importing</b> music from <b>%s</b> to library.
He had let her down .
being reshaped in a certain form.
Normally Hyderabadi cuisine does not come in this.
Enter the new player's name
Here he could read and dream .
unlike his ancestors he married many Hindu princesses.
So, as a last thought,
Could not find self in Active Directory
The WebKitWebViewGroup of the view
also appreciates what's happening with our students.
You know, the system doesn't naturally make it happen.
And being aware is just about remembering
reflected in the Tree of Knowledge,
” Treason is a blow that comes unexpectedly .
he himself gave shape and structure to things
Copyright © 2006-2012 Red Hat, Inc.
But as ridiculous as that sounds,
(containing a total of %'d item)
started to replace hard-to-come-by natural grasses.
- St. Francis of Assisi (1182-1226), Italian Saint
Use my Google Account password
Now, there's a similar situation in the classical music world,
when you will be tossed in the well too,
The minimum word size to complete
Maybe that 's what they call black humour .
So it's not just my father that I've imitated.
For us in India the difficulty is no less .
who live in between the poverty and the air line.
this is not the way society will work.
We streamed data from the bedside instruments
But you do gain in terms of payload carrying capacity.
The completion object to which the context belongs
All items in the Trash will be permanently deleted.
what you're doing is you're not really using a muscle
once you get the macro-economy straightened out,
in this life, his personality -
because sunscreens work by absorbing ultraviolet light.
And as he came the second day,
and staring at the washing machine
that I was being treated like a statue,
It's a scientific question after all.
Now, statisticians doesn't like it, because they say that this
This is very important if new .
Open all files of type “%s” with:
but rather, that people do care,
before we started to look?
when you get away from these tech areas,
The document relating to Netaji is made public by government
Power related constitution in Indian constitution-
the effect of one species on another,
Layout and start transforming windows
Thus a high-cost , low-quality production structure had emerged .
Nepal's economy is very weak.
and television and computer you brought home -
Import bookmarks from the given file
If true, display a weather icon.
Network timeout. Please check your internet connection and try again.
I 'm in the field of communications . ”
Jammu and Kashmir Light Infantry
Display credits for the creators of Nautilus
This boy here in the middle of central India -
Example sentences with the words :
What you can do about noise
is to pick these isolated incidents of success,
We need to group together.
Run from build directory (ignored)
It does not change . ”
The world's largest mosque, the Al-Haram
More abstract. These are your engineers,
What should a compact mean for me?
Cycles the debug level at run time.
and how contagious that feeling was.
In other words, use that fixation
and this is now documented
Installed (you're using it right now)
the crude face of domination.
running toward me, wearing my sweater.
This is a supervised user managed by %{CUSTODIANEMAIL}
See this also: India's city
as some sort of a signature.
CA: You tested three, and found that four worked better?
This is a disorder that
Warning: Problems in Automatic Recovery
but not those of foreign languages.
And this is a perspective.
Mutazila sect -LRB- p . 4 -RRB- .
as an illustration of what I have in mind.
- are in custody after sentencing.
Chole Batore (made from channa grams)
Failed to connect to “%{DEVICENAME}”.
...Christopher Baily and Tim Harper.
which it was never designed for.
.That time he wrote poem like Need ka Punarnirman.
Present answers in random order
to invest in productive investments,
Pakistan and state sponsored terrorism
In 1917 'Jawahar Lal Nehru' joined the “”Home Rule League“”.
Larry Brilliant: He kept talking about McDonalds and hamburgers,
“%s” GStreamer plugin could not be found
than any country in the world,
there is no look that you can't pull off.
and come back and talk to me
So you can imagine how that works.
Will we be able to feed a population
Allow mouse to pan (drag) and zoom (mousewheel)
We would welcome any comments on this report .
Open the bookmarks in this topic in new tabs
Whether the hidden files and folders should be displayed
It is often said that instead of Akbar King Birbal
Gdk debugging flags to set
'Ban te bhaagaa bihre paraa, karhaa apni baat'.
we tend to believe in the modern secular world
Whether the standard GTK shortcut for menubar access is enabled
I began to think about how I could invent
unable to speak for themselves,
because at school, everybody wanted to be a fireman.”
Whether this tag affects the font variant
Keyboard shortcut to switch to tab 3
he played an important role in performing Chayawadi kaavya.
A one-off payment of up to £1000
Default vertical alignment for the actors inside the layout manager
The trade partner can not store more of this.
Cannot create MAPI folders in offline mode
Amravati Mandal - The top Hindi daily of Vidharbha
Could not leave network “{0}”
We consume our tomorrows fretting about our yesterdays.
So, the first robot to talk about is called STriDER.
We had just had a military coup,
is very important for machines to effectively become empathetic.
Deny printing for everyone except these users:
Maximum 15 minute average sulfur di-oxides (g µ /m3)
“ Are you cross with me ? ”
Penis generally it found in standari creatures .
Failed upgrading Mail settings or folders.
Operation Dawn 9: Gulf of Aden
Flag of the Republic of the Congo
and how we behave when that happens,
All good programs are incomplete without Puran poli
That was like, we considered that super cool.
Coordinate expression contains integer '%s' which could not be parsed
and the computer can do two things.
I've also spent some time surveying audiences
The new software they used? Google Mapmaker.
Put the Earth at the center of the nested spheres,
Failed to remove lock file '%s'
Category:States and territories of India
Hambli clan - its followers are in Saudi Arabia.
because I'm sick, and we're newly married;
Whether to start in fullscreen
and not about genocide or nuclear proliferation
that have a touch of autism,
[“Schools as we know them are obsolete”]
And one must admire the imagination of John Locke.
of not dying that day.
No extra blood will be taken .
How strange to find nothing changed .
Default encoding. Accepted values are the ones WebKitGTK+ can understand.
Don't wait until you make your first million
A node has unknown “type” attribute ‘%s', ignoring
Because the Arya attack policy is still controversial.
The first step was for man to discipline himself .
These may be desktop or net based applications.
those are the places from where trouble comes.
Such things are included in reading rights.
Plenty of work to be done .
Excuse me, who built these structures?
State comes executive power of Parliament under the law.
we would be meeting those aid targets that were agreed
Notify the user when distribution upgrades are available
Uanhi the history of Uanhi Maahoal
Do you want Chromium to save your password?
Invalid logical volume or volume group name
The server's security certificate has errors!
we have to find the people
Silicosis is the most common dust-related disease .
Phone : 0845 845 0360
“ Why a revolver ? ” he asked .
Y position of child widget
Okay, so you smile, frowning.
that we're all greedy people.
They see us as adults, rational adults.
the time was much more memorable.
you could play it in a little alley -
Category:Provinces of the People's Republic of China
Sorry, the device %{DEVICELABEL} could not be recognized.
Because I wanted to know
The golden bell of morning rings ding dong ,
Not only to build the systems,
What we need from you
was the pity and disbelief
Show photo of the sender
Can't set EUID to user UID
What did he matter ?
True affluence is to not need anything.
Whether to thumbnail installed themes
supported and pushed by us all, as global citizens,
The printer called ‘%s' has been disabled.
that various people have made for me,
hexadecimal digit or '}' expected
I'm a multitasking person, and I push my students
vii examination of sudden deaths ;
by state, beginning in '85, '86, '87 - these are
They continued to be General Secretaries of the Congress .
- Roy D. Chapin Jr
Failed to set the system timezone
“ Are you disappointed ? ”
has to match '%s' property for PKCS#12
in these the main are farakka dam,tihari dam,and bheemghoda dam
They also increased the judicial powers of the king .
An install media selection is required.
the worst form of human rights violation,
Could not parse HTTP response
Should I help my child to brush their teeth ?
I knew that this forgotten little street-end,
List of Files in basic text format
” You know , it will be very nice .
We can start building local distribution,
9 . Are you the next of kin ?
So it's deceiving on two levels -
A living philosophy must answer the problems of today .
The Bluetooth connection failed or timed out
But I'm going to need you
She embraced him in a rush of happiness .
and it was the most expensive thing
And Mark Twain, who knew all about typesetting,
If you can dream it, you can do it.
Totally there are 15 topics in this two are incomplete.
All these have helped .
You are certified by the community you serve.
and facts and values seem to belong to different spheres.
There may be many symptoms of indigestion.
He was the First noble winner of Asia.
This custom is nearly obsolete now .
Display the size column in the main window.
Random by time since last play
Information not posted to Launchpad.
So the Koran in English
and start becoming biologically younger in a meaningful sense,
I meet all kinds of people
If you can't start Ubuntu, don't despair!
Width of a tab character expressed in spaces
According to Buddha strenght is
www.mainstree.com is the magazine of lady's in online
But you know, we have become obsessed
Governors of states of India
Sound file name to be played.
among everybody, including the poor, to educate their children.
Mark this task as done
So from Papau New Guinea
Newspaper Information Office: Latest Release
and from here she started her poetic life
Strip trailing spaces and tabs
and tomorrow Iqbal Quadir is going to talk about Grameen,
Partial Nuclear Test Ban Treaty
It's a six-day immersive experience for the kids.
There is an interesting case of enforcement of morals .
Anything to please Amma .
and folks who struggle for it,
but I can make the cycle run faster.
However , a great deal has been achieved .
Whether the menubar has access keys
Please select your wireless network from this list
So there's two bills in Congress right now.
On the left side On the right side Disabled
Many believe driving is an activity
Unknown server type requested; using standard server.
coffee percolator that works on gas.
Miracle on the Han River
Software RAID device to be deleted:
in the course of his early operations.
Sort photos in an ascending order
Subhash was calling him Mojada|
Shoch buildings parts come coming 10 years .
There was a problem while retrieving the credentials.
Yesterday was really bad .
of not using sanitary pad.
Totem Bemused Server version 1.0
Failed to execute child process “%s” (%s)
Number of axes in the device
He shrugged his shoulders modestly .
Flag of Papua New Guinea
Channel terminates in a partial character
What that means is prepping my outfit,
one medicine prescription for pain relief
Use -l to access an activity directly.
D sheet, 22 x 34 in
Whether the combo's dropdown is shown
“No, don't - why are we here today?
They must always think for themselves .
Could not fetch SSH authorized keys
that changed my life forever.
The maggots feed on the decomposing matter .
(Laughter) How can we lend and borrow more things
Cannot process, calendar backend is opening
Set as the system-wide default printer
The walls should be white-washed with lime containing D.D.T .
I mean, these were the faces of my friends.
Cows are poor milk-yielders .
Meri Kavitai ki aadhi sadi (1981)
View Saved but not submitted Responses
Paul read the lists of names silently .
General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon
in places where you see classic famine.
Disable connection to session manager
She would protect that .
Provides core functionality for webcal and http calendars.
but that, if we pay attention,
In other words, Islam's scriptures and history show variation.
And … and I pay cash ! ”
That they were going to let this citizen reporting fly.
Are you <s> Aged 16 or over and under 65?
There was an error while publishing to %s:
his work gathered or bring together hindus and muslims
And when I saw the street on the 25th,
I mean, can you engage in a conversation
Or do you think that you can't?
Her mother's name was Hemrani Singh
this isn't just about compassion.
(“Good afternoon. My name is Russell ...”)
and the aid system is failing us,
Learn more about Enterprise Enrollment
The cows are fair milk-yielders .
Error opening directory '%s': %s
No groups set in bookmark for URI '%s'
Sync Error: Please contact administrator to enable sync.
Stability , it would seem , has its charms .
More than 1,000 Elephants were used in during the establishment|
Show process 'Unit' column on startup
How are specimens collected today ?
Launch %{PRODUCTNAME} automatically when I start my device
dates back hundreds of years.
Click to change your nickname
the most powerful psychoactive preparation
sort out informal complaints within one month of getting them;
Among other things, the Government is looking at:
Know what to look and feel for
So we just insist that we're right,
To have the queen he attacked on her
It's just really about combining different realities.
I turned the side of this abandoned house
Error setting name for workspace %d to “%s”: %s
What is going to be the future of learning?
Error while reading file with chapters
Use custom icon for object's button
Cannot wait for thread termination
On the Map Nepal is of roughly rectangular shape.
Tradh- only in sanskrit ( long tradh)
Overview for %(start_B)s %(start_d)s, %(start_Y)s
Neither party should incur heavy costs .
Entire book is divided into thirteen parts and the Roll
to tell our story and have it heard.
The amount will be directly paid off your nursing.
Kiosk applications can now be installed on this device.
by really becoming part of the process
*[UAall tool or service name]
The national animal is in danger in Maharashtra .
of contemporary Indian art, Subodh Gupta.
List of airports by IATA code: T
it's quite easy to figure out where it came from.
No handler found for animation type.
about how human communities flourish,
Gunjan calls it a miracle .
This task has been changed.
Shia Islam rule slightly different to the column called
But just keep staring at it.
Indian constitution approves total 23 languages.
Dharam is not to be worn,life's means of discipline
Lost time is never found again.
The VPN connection '%s' failed because of invalid VPN secrets.
A national highway construction boom was added to our problems.
dainik Purvoday - Hindi daily of North East India.
However, the implications of those results
This sharpened the conflict between Dundee and Calcutta .
I had a new being in my life.
trying to understand what your child is saying to you
Start Haguichi minimized in the notification area
There is a word, an Igbo word,
before this ABCL was not succeeded amithab got great problem
in order to have any chance of catching this neutrino.
“ I must , Paul .
The other languages were called spoken dialects.
and I am in between these two worlds,
suddenly became our biggest asset
Ganges' origin is 3150 meter high from ground level.
and said, “Are you running from the police?”
Passes the next command on to the current application.
So they did anthropological research
to detecting boundaries or edges
Included here are the 'Dalit' class as well as women.
Sahajaha's grave is at South Pole to Mumtaz grave.
is to split them apart -
They were making scary faces
You don ' t even know me . ”
about what human beings can achieve with their lifespan.
Allow login if group write permissions on user's home directory
BJP tally moves up from 86 to 119 .
Clear saved Autofill form data
Dock the palette into the main window
The minimum width of the handle
No extensions have keyboard shortcuts assigned.
See pages 89 - 90 for addresses .
Encoding character set for subtitle.
Paste tasks from the clipboard
“ Good evening , ” said the snake .
c -RRB- Reducing the need to travel :
The dust comes from odor and civinz.
Problem migrating old mail folder “{0}”.
because they want to take risks
The headline? “You Love Your iPhone. Literally.”
duplicated all my projects. That's the geek side.
people may be economically poor,
Let's contrast that for a minute to development.
A . That 's false propaganda .
Address element ‘%s', does not contain a colon (:)
you need lots and lots of people.
The link “%s” is broken.
Moving Photos to New Event
By August 30th, a genetic test was done,
people were more likely to take revenge
What should a Compact mean for me? 20
This shows that society is desperate
at age 200 will be considered a profound disability.
For example, “My RAID Array” or “Backup Data”
Move backward between windows, using a popup window
Determines how many sections of spectrum will exist.
Unable to connect to POP server %s. Error sending username%s
I grew up under repressive military governments
Oh no, where's this thing?
Because if you think about it,
but we kind of chose this shape.
The chest should be broad and deep .
We're very good at creating personal narratives,
Jobseeker 's Allowance -LRB- JSA -RRB-
And the data gets pretty granular
had about $300 per capita GDP
Ancient Mesopotamian units of measurement
Are you looking for chickens ? ”
to have widely shared benefits of economic growth.
You can see how China is the red, big bubble;
Pandit Sundarlal Sharma (Open) University
And this one doesn't have anything for them.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher,
it's the country that tells a better story that prevails.
we plunged into a humiliating mess.
Find a safe place to cross then stop
paper volumeand terrorism and a note on Israel
It wants to be chanted out loud,
Appearance of the shadow surrounding the arrow
The keybinding has been removed.
for their daughter's Sweet 16 or first Holy Communion -
The name and icon of the file.
Enable this to set the tablet to absolute mode.
The second is that traditional charity and aid
to infect an entire nation
Failed to fetch GAL entries
Ignoring query to other database
Why do they only whisper ?
and if you have lived an extraordinary life,
And the water will go where it should go.
(Shown in a Day View)
To test your settings, try to double-click on the face.
In the Afghan section in London
Gandhiji selected the Pattabhi Sitaramaiyya for president post.
Can't find the absolute path to the directory to pack.
There is no calendar available for creating memos
Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute
mahadevi elong with hasari prasad divethi
And I was left with this intense feeling
Meat, fish and eggs also are eaten by them
he actually crashed his car into another car.
I told you. They'll go there.
Similarly there was a whole army of educated unemployed .
You can help by doing the following: <s> Singing.
Even though I'm an economist, I find that
bottom left is Fabian Nicieza,
Allow other users to view your desktop
Use relative movement (ie. left or right only).
Web search: Search in many different Indian languages including Hindi.
Transferring track %d out of %d
%s: Error opening a pipe: %s
A simple process and system monitor.
Unable to send meeting information, the meeting does not exist
And the more puzzles you solve,
Her solicitude continues until all her eggs have hatched .
Is this time zone correct?
I've sat in a lot of those meetings.
Examples of American Bossing around
and jumped into the National Movement.
Agra is third largest city of Uttar Pradesh.
I mean, this is life.
We can often do until our kids grow up.
that its residents spew out into the air.
Even those mundane, hateful, plastic grocery bags
and violence and public humiliation
And why should we care about this?
' They are Ganesa , the Saptamatrika and Jyeshtha .
The Riverine camel possesses coarse head with Roman nose .
than anyone I know anywhere in the world guaranteed.
And it knew nothing about love .
because nobody believes outside of our countries
Beep when key is rejected
And for some time, he was convinced
Why is this so ?
A Carers guide to a carers assessment
where, instead of framing advertisements,
Nepal experiences five seasons: summer, monsoon, autumn, winter and spring.
but there are these very tiny variations
Measles can be a serious illness that the vaccine prevents.
List of counties in Indiana
regardless of what's going on,
Error ! You can not create recursive categories.
A strange impatience seized his feet .
Start a new activity in Hamster Time Tracker
more cheaply and more effectively.
Country A and Country B.
this place's climate is so beautiful and wonderful
And so we allowed multinationals into India.
These have been created by the French clerk Amanat Khan.
If you are capable of working
Trigger a click when the pointer hovers
and completely gutted their old math curriculum.
WARNING: failed to associate schema ‘%s' with key ‘%s': %s
aren't willing to fund polio any longer.
Adam is caller as Adam in Christianity.
And one renamed the months of the year
And now they can just do it
Reset default resource configuration for all settlements.
They are five brothers Yushistar,Bhima,Arjuna,Nakul and Sahadev
that their fellow men and women are employed,
This article is about RSS feed pages tied with them
Calligraph is been done only for decoration, abstraction or depiction|
The path where the debugframes should be saved
This date consider as the establishment of today's Rajasthan.
Must specify one or more directories to dump.
Color profile has invalid length '%u'.
Relaunch Chrome on the desktop
to get into a creature that had articulated paws,
Error! You can not create recursive departments.
there's a few people from Pakistan in here.
or a sports hero like Sidney Crosby.
This will open %d separate tab.
The backend does not support bulk modifications
The next login will attempt to use the standard experience.
In 1534, the portuguese conquered the island from Bahadurshah.
And how about the oil, gas and mining companies?
the ruling of ram was an ideal one.
translation of english to hindi system (online)
did not have to have English,
And this pressure forces the seawater
The Globe of Science and Innovation
List of cities and towns in Bangladesh
I want to finish up on a more upbeat note.
His Holiness the Karmapa: Tomorrow is my Talk.
This survey is not active - no responses are available.
and 32 children who stopped 16 child marriages
Please type here and press Ctrl-D when finished:
XDMCP: Could not create XDMCP buffer!
It's all very detailed information.
“ Because … I feel that way too .
Three days later , the hackers struck again .
%s does not support authentication
and couldn't afford to pay for school fees.
The growth somewhat slowed down in 1978 and 1979 .
of wealthy communities in Westchester County to go to Manhattan.
<b>%s</b> has canceled a task.
Go as a spectator first and see what happens .
and in free leaflets such as:
And they have some wonderful properties.
The name of the new frame this navigation action targets
Applying marked changes. This may take a while...
Capitalism in India is still not fully grown .
Mahadevi Verma's main sentence writings
Letter Small, 8 1/2 x 11 in
or these people who are sending letters,
Hindi - Urdu transliteration ( Punjabi University, Patiala)
These books put forth righteous,complete,shapeless god.
Show them the grumpy employees.
That means they're totally out of sync in traditional classes,
1. Sursagar-which is a popular book by Surdas.
I did internships in college.
George Curzon, 1st Marquess Curzon of Kedleston
Puran poli is an culturally significant sweet dish of Maharashtra.
One striking recent case that we've investigated
One Hundred Years of Solitude
And I thought he was just sweet-talking me.
Preparing account '%s' for offline
Filter disabled due to invalid syntax
and we grow them in incubators.
Commands to run in response to keybindings
Rank and Number: <s> Crime Reference Number:
And where do investors stand ?
Store root %s is not a regular directory
because we have to put so much time and energy
Failed to create a status bar.
the food for the day.
Birth of Pandavas and the Inflammable palace
the same den in which they thought
So a nice example of this
extremely small - and it is almost perfect,
It seemed to be hissing .
Selina has a curious ant-like appearance .
none of us should be so nationalistic to believe
Food safety - your responsibility
in a very unpredictable and extremely slow movement.
Printer to print the job to
This came to be Known as Subhas Babu.
Get the name of the default source
Because what I'm observing is
Class: World Heritage sites, Delhi.
Element <%s> is not allowed inside a <constant> element
S&how Metadata Editor prior to export step
Those machines have no place for empathy.
All quota language settings meet consistency standards
what exercises are they using,
There are also many scriptures.
You have gone full screen.
Now up until that moment,
are sold into sexual slavery.
Wikipedia:Don't stuff beans up your nose/Uh-huh
Strips must be the same length
The message, then, for me,
The poet had mixed this papanashak in the prayagraj
Tere Mere Sapne (1996 film)
They also provide a needle-replacement service .
who bring you free refills without asking,
List of states with limited recognition
He said, “Naif, Islam and cartoon?
There's a self-directed robot scientist that's made a discovery.
Failed to unlock secret key: 3 bad passphrases given.
Afterwards hindu religion believes budh to be a vishnu incarnation.
The Woman in Black (2012 film)
Ignore conference and chatroom invitations
Kathmandu is the biggest city and capital of Nepal.
But she'd become adept at dodging the boys in blue,
leaving their original intended career
New Deal for people aged 25 plus
Now if you think about that story for a moment,
and what a Chief Belief Officer is supposed to do,
Rwanda was in the throes of this genocidal war.
Even love needs help from technology.
And that's the last 20 minutes of malware
Marcus Bains Line Color - Day View
The Governor is the head of the states.
But it turns out the men do,
“What are you doing here?”
there would be no dial tone.
which led me to come to this point.
Total height of the mosaic, in pixels.
One played a subtle joke on the Sardarji .
Due to Ten threats , United Nations recognized.
a lot of young people with a demographic dividend
range out of order in character class
Show Home button on toolbar
Option '%s' requires a value.
<b>Error</b> '%s' is not a valid Perl regular expression. %s
was that Feynman diagrams are complicated.
So they reformulated the bactericide.
we can take away from Coca-Cola.
Quran is the book of muslims.
Sorry , it 's a misplaced worry .
It doesn't always go as you plan it,
I've walked about 4,000 kilometers in the last 12 years.
The profile has the following problems:
I realized that people like me,
1.2 million people killed by the cadres
An error occurred while writing to disc
but you realize they're not even the main structure.
What is the imagery of God?
Its coastal border with Arabian Sea ia about 1046 kilometers.
At some places, Sur used coded words also.
you need more genetic pathways, more sophistication in your genes
She, once a week, meets with her husband and says,
So you are a Christian ? '
The other thing that religions are really aware of
and in the psych ward,
Change of power in Delhi
These are just some of the listening positions,
Unable to open %s - %s
We're not matching our resources to our priorities.
and he said, “We're going to start putting them online.
Among all the brothers Subhash had more inclination towards Sharadchandra|
Help with health costs see page 17.
Some remote dbus objects are missing.
Amazing scene of Tajmahal with sunset.
So to understand why this was the case,
Which male child will perish a new day?
Key to use for motion right.
Helping with your children's reading
and deepening of our heart connections
Select survey structure file (*.lss, *.csv):
Jodha Akbar movie posters displayed in 2008
space-time itself was actually created at the beginning moments.
And that's all very true.
MSN Home Screen Name 2
See collectively, we as men
except that there's no such things as uncopyable digital material.
There is already a profile with this name
Normally police officers don't want to do prison.
HIV/AIDS and sexual health .
Well, at 22, I was very lucky.
A hammer sometimes misses its mark; a bouquet, never.
Too many users to list here...
Didn't understand XML node <%s> inside an XML pair node
how we scale up this model in China and Brazil.
Goes to previous form field.
A4 small sheet, 210 x 297 mm
It's the first time we'd done this.
is it tends to be fixated.
can seek restitution with its people.
The mDNS service is not published
we went from one case of paralysis
And that's when I knew -
The style on which this style is based.
It depends on a distinction that you draw
have mapped millions of pieces of information,
The elephant is essentially an animal of the forest .
This search type already exists
And as we just heard earlier,
one other thing automatically comes attached to that thing,
“ I hope you won ' t choke . ”
Only allow login if user owns their home directory
Alain de Botton: Yes. I think it's merely the randomness
Where's my jet pack, Chris?
that can be put into the body.
Rajasthan state assembly elections, 2008
“You know what? You're imperfect, and you're wired for struggle,
Whole class about 15 minutes word work , sentence work
No. I wrote it in a month.
that fit in our pockets.
It's a facility which is practically unmanned.
Where Can Parents Get Help ?
Return as Producer and Actor 1996-1999
But kids, you can see these signs in them.
That's the potential of the Abraham path.
“Why is he sitting around, doing nothing?
Action can be taken against them .
and take stock of your miserable existence.
Make %{PRODUCTNAME} my default browser
in two months in the tropical heat
So, obviously, you cannot have two principles of justice,
You can delay the gratification
There Lakshmana wiped out the entire army of the demons.
Do you want to keep this resolution?
Unable to open help file for Cheese
Could not allocate memory: %s
During the festival of Navaratri people will do Ghatastapana.
and really form a strong aspiration
When should fissure sealants be applied?
Kathak dance began in 6th -7th century in North India.
Add line numbers to the printed page
Western Himalayan subalpine conifer forests
and about four different response levels
PROTECTION AGAINST ANTI - SOCIAL BEHAVIOUR
Po troy jodan,theatre war on terrorism
Africa was only a few hours from Tarifa ;
People who do not need work permits? 4 22
but a neighbor is a far better and cheaper alternative
Superman, Wonder Woman and their colleagues
It is extremely easy and it is very difficult
Vardhaman Fort was built by Akbar's grandson Shajahan.
Indian Institute of Management Indore
This calendar will be removed permanently.
They have a capacity of 1.25 KW.
2. even without a hearing judgments are made
The name of the themed icon displayed on the item
in which a character was a serial killer
for an interview with Anderson Cooper.
Today's Pakistani territory witnesses several cultures.
The number of digits to round the value to.
by cutting his lawn on Sunday mornings.
Akbar and Birbal in Lucknowi blog
But many arguments have also been given against th
and you hit it really sharply with an electron.
%{BEGIN_BOLD}2. %{END_BOLD}Testing connection to router
took them to the synagogue, went into the synagogue,
it is hard to believe
we must have the support of men.
80 percent of it is bought in the developing world.
Normally Ramchritmanash is known in the name ofTuloshi Das Ramanayana.
The current theme suggests a background and a font.
which was probably the only Hindu house
National and International Hindi papers in Internet.
A graphical frontend for Hamachi.
United States of America: 1.790
But it appeared to me
Plants , however , are not animals .
Conversion to charset '%s' doesn't work.
Check the spelling of text fields
You have not selected a survey
to get in on any action.
Why are home-school agreements important?
that the place cell firing stretched out.
Failed to allocate %d byte for file read buffer
because it doesn't involve improving on evolution.
Rather than typing a keyword to find something,
all the connections that we're doing right now -
and I needed to be back helping.
Wherever possible, you should take your holidays during school holidays.
And so she ultimately turned to prostitution.
Engine's still running - mine, not the car.
Failed to register this computer.
Mahadevi was much influenced with Buddhist religion.
1909 Louis Bleriot crosses the English Channel
Tag the selected photos as “%s”
It's been catapulted to international glory.
Error getting size of device: %m
Number two, it's imperfect; it's not very glamorous;
I'm going to do that in two steps.
It's money that's invested in entrepreneurs who know their communities
Data source '%s' is not writable
His house name is narendra dutt.
Write information about installed applications, update locations and requests.
There's nothing in my life
Well today, it's the organized criminal gangs
%s installs not available for paravirt guests.
many people like this would probably never get services,
But GAndhiji& his friends did not agree
Last year, I finished a film
Could not get screen information
Xauthority file for backend display
It's good for maybe home schoolers.”
The turret of the king gave to the public philosophy
My own theory of success, and I'm somebody
Go to the Devil … ”
You must try to keep your living area properly warm.
that were impossible to see with the naked eye,
This is what really kind of gets everybody hating you
International Day for Biological Diversity
When man is on top
And these were being pressed upon us
Enable colored backgrounds in the task list
he has his utility belt, he has his grappling hook,
DMX display to migrate to
Mountain Time - S Baja, Nayarit, Sinaloa
Whether the file chooser should allow selecting multiple files
Traffic jams are generally the bane of any commuter.
And before we say something is out of this world,
Most happen when children are not with an adult .
So it's going to take brilliant people like you
Failed to move new saved state file into place: %s
National Institute of Open Schooling
and Country B is Pakistan -
Default Side Pane Background Color
The group 's activities continue unabated in Kashmir .
Video: Three, two, one, go!
Represent times and durations in &seconds
The incremental advances have added up to something
And the things that they build
Subscribe to Other User's Contacts
Uttarpradesh is situated at north side of India.
Mixed and rendered %d tracks into one new stereo track
Would you like to send updated task information to participants?
Cannot add MS SMIMEEncKeyPrefs attribute
There was surely a baker in her town .
Memory Game with images, against Tux
about what else non-invasive techniques like this
Check with the local authority .
Even when I ' m missing them .
Sachin did his schooling ar Sharada Vidyamandir.
The spirits can be invoked from beneath the Great Water,
Reducing the Risk of Cot Death
Hostname has no base domain
well it isn't just greed or the misuse of power
Other literary works presented through Ramayana
This doesn't mean that Afghanistan doesn't matter,
Basically, open your hearts and your minds to the child.”
we members of society play
as if it's about coming to school
He was also arrested .
Your batch command of %s was not recognized.
This document is password protected. Please enter a password.
But that ' s the way it is . ”
Lagaan is too difficult a proposition to emulate .
-LRB- published March 2001 -RRB-
And then globalization is taking place.
Blur behind translucent parts of windows
are actually wearing the cookie-cutter fascist gray uniform
Cross-origin HTTP Basic Auth prompts
Choose how to specify proxy server settings
They just like to reply . ”
with completely electronic medical records and so on.
What are the side effects of MMR?
that will remain enshrined forever,
The animosity towards the authorities is long-standing .
It's important because if you solve these problems,
Detect virtual driver disks from hardware manufacturer
Tjis was the first step in construction of Rajasthan
Jana Samachar: A newspaper concerned with the rural issues
London Borough of Tower Hamlets
B4 Envelope, 250 x 353 mm
about three, a Turk, an Arab,
were helping us a lot
In this machine, any rural woman can apply the same
The stunning beauty of Golden gate is Nepal's pride
really framed in one thought,
and the telegraph were integrating East Africa perfectly
and the amount of richness that comes out of that
hockey has disappeared under the fame of cricket
Couldn't interpret CORBA value for list element
Children are often eager to write .
An error occurred. View the error log for details.
Communist Party of India (Marxist)
a forward-looking approach , identifying problems at an early stage
Select one or more files to open
Five years ago I actually worked at NASA JPL
User name and/or email not found!
Failed to link '%s' to '%s': %s
This temple is a part of the UNESCO world home.
placed where they're not from, don't want to be missed.
Would he recognise her ?
I thought that things would be pretty fun
Keyboard shortcut to launch help
at some of the reasons why
in the history of mankind
It was due to a Russian mathematical physicist,
Unable to set QuickTime render quality
You won ' t agree with me , anyway .
Women are refusing to marry men without toilets.
and the way that the reality is.
and that everything comes to them,
The cover page of Kuraan
that you might be thinking.
This volume also proves that Sur's teacher was Shri Ballabhacharya.
Text Telephone: 020 7217 4066
All of my relationships have failed.
which I didn't mention yet,
there are things for you in religion.
We have neither power nor wealth .
and that's the grandmother of one of them.
if you like, a new version of atheism
What to do if you wish to complain
Whether Pidgin contacts should be automatically synced.
It does feel like something to be wrong;
The radio menu item whose group this widget belongs to.
Cannot start guest while cloning operation in progress
if jone contacted constantly:An international history in mobile phone2004ISBN 1-84046-541-7
Please select an account and then try again.
* The possibility of making direct donations to the artists.
Who is to blame ?
She is really the center of the health care system.
why we get stuck inside this feeling of rightness.
Q . Is there a compromise with the general ?
Let's do something really simple.
Second, these are pretty large errors. For four quantities
And thirdly, the question is, what will it do
It doesn ' t matter now , anyway .
Saparmurat Niyazov, he was one of them.
Always block camera and microphone access
Please enter the PIN mentioned on device %s.
Why should people support their government?
Then Marati peoples are calling Bombai.
Now we knew we had to design something
National Highways Authority of India
is nothing can change on a big scale
- Henry David Thoreau (1817-1962), Writer
Reset All to Default Values
Now, to speak about the conditions of well being
Third step 18th April 19948
Adds an action to the actor
she quickly started calculating what she herself could make
But there is a negative side also .
politically, the Abbasi group is becoming weaker day by day.
Jaane Tu... Ya Jaane Na
There were no replies .
and I couldn't speak Chinese,
Turn off all wireless connections.
Number of seconds until timer stops
the people of Mumbai call themselves Mumbaikar or Mumbaiites.
Drag and drop is not supported.
empowered with the same process,
Can't open %s for writing
This account is already being used on this computer.
iii ways and means of dealing with national calamities ;
H Sszedaro Iskria both receive the vaginal Ananr
For you, this is like all Christians.
Clotted blood because of air pollution.
It's very nice for discussion, discourse,
1 . describe the item or service ;
Failed to decrypt the private key: unexpected padding length.
because we wanted to instill in the viewer
List of Canadian provinces and territories by area
And we have 60 meals twice a day
Failed to execute helper program (%s)
“This I will not treat. This I cannot treat.”
Unable to find include file: “%s”
What happened to them ?
Create a new assigned task
Hanuman destroyed Ashokvatika and killed Ravan's son Akshay Kumar|
My mother, my sister, my auntie, they all get out,
I am so honored to be here
Append log to file '%s' (choosing [No] will overwrite it)?
But in some countries, citizens and journalists
%d curves exported to %s
This capacity was considered adequate till 1956 .
of course, this being America.
Invalid return value from %s
intimacy,depth of entry,force of entry
So not only is the fly
There were a couple of copycat attacks.
A better deal for tenants
The wisest mind has something yet to learn.
And that, obviously, is a problem.
Abdul Pakir Abdul Kalam(Birth 15 October, 1931, Rameshwaram,
And we said, “Well, there's another option.
sold off a series of valuable, state-owned mining assets
There is my world and there is your world,
and one to two kilometers deep.
Well, that's kind of an obvious statement up there.
to secretly film meetings with members of the ruling elite,
have this edge to compete.
Mumbai's sister city is from understanding calm cities.
Lose organization of two or more organizer. (country group)
Delete each selected item, without moving to the Trash
Missing domain in email address
%s You have made no changes, close the editor?
The color of backlight is customizable.
” One night , the father had a dream .
And suddenly, without realizing it,
that this question has an answer,
these projects include thousands of new parking spaces,
List of airports by IATA code: U
to our capacity to get stuff wrong.
4.The aim of Hinduism is above the haven-hell
It was no good useless .
Type of blur used for window decorations
says, “Hey cuz, check out this website.
Failed to get source output information: %s
So for example, in June 2008,
The infidels had an evil look about them .
in a magazine called Foreign Policy,
Sympathy,compassion and self-control were its foundation.
than data points that are far apart.
Failed to change the power state of the Bluetooth adapter.
This metod is mostly used in one year contribution.
Double-glazing or other window replacement or secondary glazing ;
toilets which don't flush ;
The room should be well-ventilated .
A tooltip for this URL
Global warming is a great example.
Failure shutting down configuration server: %s
Yet he would not be disloyal to the party .
which tells me he's pretty old, you know.
A username was not supplied or the username is invalid.
The National Congress had not asked anything for itself .
It is using the phraseology Komlkant Brjasha
to a 400,000 liter tank,
Two stories made a deep impression on him .
is immensely rich virtual models
Every man dies. Not every man really lives.
Sanskrit's ancient physical appearance is Hindu dharm's main epic language|
Cannot open HTML help book: %s
One Hundred Years of Solitude
Same as the other side.
4. There is no provision for apeal against these vedicts.
Set to true to enable the sound settings manager plugin.
They encourage innovation and ensure competitive prices.
this committee has put forth the Nehru report.
didn't improve your Mandarin skills.
and I still have to speak English constantly.
Sensitivity to hot and cold foods .
The media love it, they really adore it.
Name must not be blank
The dress, language and food etc. are similar
which is a little character that's a spokesbot
Could the Government fall ?
Jump to Preferred Applications dialog
because we're made in the image of God,
Its ground can be in many shapes.
Will there be further changes to the legislation ?
at models that span 80 years.
Draw bands in the spectrometer
These have adopted love based devotion.
abbasies gave great significance to khalifa knowledge.
Please enter a password to encrypt this certificate file.
And why should we be angry ?
Demo mode: Uploading templates is disabled.
Disk space remains for recording %d minutes.
Rural electrification (Ekal Electric House)
She founded (initiated) the women poetical gatherings in India.
The minimum frequency must be an integer
but also the richness and color
Hitler had written his autobiography named “”Mein Kamph“”, long back.
US Mountain Time - Chihuahua near US border
I hear education systems are failing,
IP address or host name of the ftp proxy server
We just simply change the length of the spoke.
and pry open the windows
If we do that, we really can make poverty history.
<h3>%1</h3><br/><br/>Application Version: %2<br/><br/>Library Version: %3<br/><br/>Open Babel Version: %4
They created a global computer
And it's impoverishing our spirit and our energies
A new idea flashed through her mind .
In january 2005 between south africa and england
Applications that work with “OI About”:
Alice in Wonderland (2010 film)
I would never be tempted to argue to you
four percent of the world's population.
no <key name='%s'> to override
lived an average of only 72.9 years,
He who angers you conquers you.
Toplevel files cannot be renamed
The next day will be Narak Chaturdhi or Small Dipawali
Satyajit Ray Film and Television Institute
At the same time Dravids started developing.
Could not parse PGP/MIME message
reversible. And for the last almost 29 years,
Could not move extension directory into profile.
Channayya was a servant in Karikala Chola 's stables .
List of disabled protocol schemes
Dainik Jaagran was successful due to this newspaper's information.
Before I went back to work
You heard her, go ahead.
He who praises everybody, praises nobody.
IBus is an intelligent input bus for Linux/Unix.
Or they say, “Hamlet has an Oedipus complex.”
his life inspired characters of many hindi movies.
Source:Indian Food and Cooking art
in 1995 city was renamed mumbai
Stage 6 : Full system check
The Haunting Hour: Don't Think About It
And it was at that moment
Cave 4 is two-storeyed .
And we can measure this
Long corners have heavy weight arch shaped doors.
She will be a quadragenarian in August.
Whatever you're doing with your hands,
After the trial, the Lord Advocate met the family.
And then there's Dan Etete.
Vostok Station, S Magnetic Pole
Talk to me. Yes. Yes. You can say yes.
Error: iface has to be specified.
Can't close registry key '%s'
Bahhan got married to Jaya Bahaduri.
“ I have also a flower . ”
He said, “Well, easy, this is District Eight.
And we're seeing people transform their lives.
community development organization in the Thar Desert,
But the problem of traditional industries still continues today .
but somehow reduced to the margins of history
A map with the name {name} already exists.
It took me back to a time
There is a real problem with snobbery.
through, not only the intellect, but through the heart.
Allow Web Intents to enable me to connect my applications.
to let ourselves be seen,
Category: News Paper in hindi language
to learn five letters of the alphabet
Oh, a driver's license, a perfectly valid driver's license.
The default font size used to display monospace text.
and then you have to accept all sorts of things,
Error: Can't find out if NetworkManager is running: %s.
Those are the kind of posters, let me show you.
As we heard yesterday, there's over a billion people hungry.
I was raised in the forests of British Columbia
media is natively good at supporting these kinds of conversations.
Forbid him/her to see my status
And then we started looking at the data.
and we realized that things were a bit different
These run from September 1998 to August 1999 .
And you can run your script through there,
for primary education, for food relief.
“Close your eyes. Whatever I give,
this is what they're about.”
List of airports by ICAO code: S
Unable to read '%s' (not a blend file)
#11 Envelope, 4 1/2 x 10 3/8 in
just as much in these systems?
Cannot open file for PostScript printing!
From his childhood, Tagore was mezmerized by nature.
The tricks of magic have one special element.
Premchand was Hindi liturature's promoter of new era'.
2010 AIBA Women's World Boxing Championship
%s through %s has published the following task:
If You Find Drugs .
To forget a friend is sad .
Whether the page cache should be used
Username or password is incorrect
Could not send current document
And the last was they had connection,
that Birmingham Children's Hospital were already running.
Sholapur and Nagpur had their first mills in 1877 .
it instantly became one of the best sellers.
It's our new homeland. It's called Nunavut.
and there were two rollers
Intimacy...depth of insertion.... speed of insertion
A . Losing and winning is part of politics .
For example , if one of the following applies :
so I took four well-known translations
Terrorism and dialogue do not go together . ”
Dynasty in Indian politics to promote
So we didn't use a radar;
This vicious circle ends up with the whole population
and then they are put back on the buses
Bottom to top, left to right
The teachers said, “Is this deep learning?”
Why were other people blocking it?
You do not have the permissions necessary to rename “%s”.
And then to support the surgeon,
And you'll see on the vertical
The geometry string for a navigation window.
Shree Ramcharit Manas- Ayodhya Kaand
List of airports by ICAO code: P
The rest were sentenced to transportation for life .
could lead to positive advances.
United Liberation Front of Assam
fish target by arjuna in panchal sabha
the height of the robot,
Uninstall Google Chrome App Launcher
Q . What about indiscipline in the party ?
Yazuved has two parts- (a) Shuklayajuved and (b) Krusnajuved.
The sound file for this event does not exist.
Toggles whether the Status field is displayed
These animals have a dark black colour .
Decrease the magnification of the photo
Could not leave network “{0}”
we've show that four year-olds are actually better
Cannot listen on unsupported transport '%s'
The event could not be deleted because permission was denied
In Sangin where I was sick in 2002,
I start interviewing people about how they think.
Child widget to appear next to the menu text
The book starts like this. This is the cover.
1. Can take clear and strong decision
Writing updated profile for %s.
Find more services by visiting the Chrome Web Store.
Vedic literature: Maharishi Vedic University- PDF format, Devanagari
BG: And the vision of the tutoring thing.
And they talked a lot about the weather,
I was here four years ago,
We've found that tumor growth in vitro was inhibited
What every parent should know
“ They won ' t.
Organizers have the power of freedom.
do actually read the Koran
Short-term Incapacity Benefit paid at the higher rate
to downgrade our super, hyper -
and they say, “I thought you knew something about plants.
Enables touchpad three-finger-click as middle button.
Could not create CD lookup thread
to leave spaces between words
Do not begin today with broken pieces of yesterday.
or, as Sir Richard Burton,
because there's a couple of interesting things.
Ignored because default search is disabled by policy.
This type of diffrent cultured one for all.
Ranatra is somewhat more slender than Laccotrephes .
Save this password in your keyring
If TRUE, day names are displayed
This emergence of bread wheat occurred naturally .
The latest scar is on the southwest minaret .
Visit the home page at http://www.nongnu.org/synaptic/
of the countermeasures, how they work.
And so, when I told her about our idea -
Ram meet Saint Bharatwaj when he arrived Prayaj
you look for somebody who knows the terrain.
And this, in terms of magnesium
Muktabodha Indological Research Institute (special material onsystem and evolution literature)
And what follows is a stream of images,
Many diabetics have high blood pressure .
And then I put some ultraviolet filters on my camera
From the Taliban's point of view,
Carbon Dioxide (CO2), one greenhouse emitted from burning
The journey of the enrollment for the post of President.
China is most populated country in the world.
Do you still want to start Audacity?
A program called Brain Electrical
Corruption? Poverty? Or is it something else?
How can I get a council home?
Toggle active window maximized vertically
What do you want of me ?
provide health surveillance as appropriate ;
Until now, these people have faced a rather unpleasant choice.
I'm a professor; I must quiz you. (Laughter)
Daily news-Hindi News poartle-Antarjaliy Rivew the Hindi Newspaper
The webpage at %{URL} no longer exists.
think of colorful Chihuly designs
Markets, streets are decorated with the golden flags.
and then face the future
This is due to overuse of land and deforestation.
or the beautiful sunset we saw on vacation.
Type name of new folder
Sort of an interesting thing.
Display %{PRODUCTNAME} in this language
So now we're all these paleontologists
I decided to give this a little name,
{0} left the network {1}
Empty all Trash folders when exiting Evolution.
Some piece-of-cake steps to create your very own first survey:
The water of the river fill the border of fort.
And let me tell you what the problem is
So - the contributions of culture -
Choose type of click beforehand
Yahoo! Work Screen Name 1
National Institute of Technology Calicut
Copy the selected conditions to
Add an Ekiga Call Out Account
have asked the organization to help them structure
Please tell us what is happening before sending the feedback.
Parliamentary and Presidential forms of government
List of Governors of Jharkhand
This was toughly against by the statement of Supreme Court.
the main language of Afghanistan, at a decent level.
User %s not allowed to log in
But what she can do is cook.
And that's why we enjoy looking at glaciers and oceans,
World's biggest Msjid is Makka's masjid “”Al Haram“”.
Now I shouldn't get into this.
Use this theme for all lists
Because group so this contractions their differences.
Education is the main event that can happen in cities.
Search for extensions at Android Market.
Remember Your Child Is Unique
We're facing a very powerful opponent.
List of municipalities of Armenia
Note, Notepad, Note book, Notes
Anyway , it doesn ' t matter now .
First make sure they've got fresh air .
elephanta caves is the best in the unverse
Apply this action to all files
The underlying Cogl texture handle used to draw this actor
-Training for a professional or specialist qualification 5 43
you are aged 60 or over
Non-fatal error while setting the Look & Feel.
Error setting file metadata: %s
Archive does not contain expected files.
Theirs is a simple democracy bound by custom .
who can make love slowly
You've got to see this - Bible Boot Camp.
He wasn ' t an alchemist !
decision is there for the matter in between you
Display notification when a member joins
Starts a new game playing only calculation games.
“ What are you trying to say ? ”
Could not get message: %s
and what you see on the ground
But what it immediately did was that the volatility
The width of the Cairo surface
So that is how to create a single story,
17 doesn't divide by two.
These differences may be illustrated by a few examples .
which is a newly-discovered language.
Attempting to exchange keys with the access point...
Which is why you react the way you do,
Install Advanced Desktop Effects Settings Manager
and even maybe to make us better and smarter.
Help Tux get out of this maze.
Received list from gconfd with a bad list type
We all know about rains which shower water .
And a thorough study of religion
Surhyopassnake Chhath festival in Hinduism, known for
I saw. “What is that?” I asked.
put a photograph of the innovator on the packing
And then look at business.
Sir J.J.School of Arts, Mumabi's oldest Arts college.
The signs The dangers What to do
White marble is used in its construction.
and pretty and gentle and soft.
(reading, spelling, other literacy work and number work)
What are you most passionate about?
I'm an independent, individual person.”
Implementation: Not just reading and understanding the Quran.
Only use modules from trusted sources
that have very different ideas about what clean means.
The compact should help you with this.
Living in residential care for a short period
And I was calling all the dry cleaners in Winnipeg
Folk Tales People in Himachal.love listening to tales .
The message contains only unsupported requests.
Target file is not a regular file
Daily Jagaran is a Hindi daily.
Sweden was like Sierra Leone today.
These simple mechanisms obtain in Western drums also .
this would not cost more tomorrow than today's cell phones
The child process exited normally with status %d.
interior design and horoscope signs.
where it is and what it's looking at.
Babies May have a staring expression and a fever .
he gave open ness to hindi
We include everyone: the young, the elderly,
And at that time two years ago
and then subsequently areas surrounding it
Today it world famous for its search engine.
One year I came up with a bright idea.
a soft terrain where it pushes down and changes.
A plugin to setup GroupWise calendar and contacts sources.
boot parameters understood by the install system
about our lives, about our careers,
Example: Please tell us the process
Reeti means ready made road or ready construction.
This element was developed along with the drafting of constitution
Also remind when no activity is set
What sort of a God ?
between the way our society perceives doodling
Please - don't tell me I'm normal.
the ports, the roads, the airports,
One woman loses her head.
What other properties of language does the script show?
Could not find a free display number
which celebrated its 50th anniversary
the power of passionate users everywhere.
His administration attacked several typical urban problems at one time,
Even the air grew unbreathable .
which basically takes telescopes and instruments
X coordinate of the bargraph.
Trying to solve a NULL hostname: giving up
20000 laborers were continuously engaged in construction from north india.
GNOME Art variation of Circles with a Face Browser
And I came in half an hour beforehand
The minimum size of the arrow in the combo box
Local authorities give grants for some facilities for disabled people.
United States of America: 2.790
The position of woman in society needs some consideration
National Treasure: Book of Secrets
Few popular services of Google
and only if there's no other pact in place
One of the most pervasive problems
Error while copying to “%B”.
Motionless . <s> Mute .
Open <gui>Mouse and Touchpad</gui> and select the <gui>Mouse</gui> tab.
Reliance dubs this argument as misconceived .
and red herrings and surprise endings.
There are eleven players in each team.
Preparing to download updates from server...
What kinds of immunisation are there?
Expecting 1 control message, got %d
They ate in silence .
But it shows you Africans, and particularly African women, who
_Update the network list every %S _second
Couldn't find the XML root directory in the address ‘%s'
His real name is Narendranath Dutt.
So this fellow is bringing
“ You did the right thing . ”
communications are a luxury, not a right,
We all had a wonderful education.
Could not read pilot's ToDo application block
Choose the files to compare.
Thank you to everyone who translated on <a href=“%s”>Launchpad</a>.
Gujarat - Regional News on Gujarat - Area
They were looking the next Karmapa,
vote on account - according to the writing
like religion in politics and everyday life.
or are we also going to be
Where are the different countries? I can show you Africa.
it would take about 10 billion dollars -
Evaluation: Convenience to woman, inconvenience to woman, pleasure to woman.
The beautiful scenery of Himalaya looks very nice from here.
Women Are Heroes created a new dynamic
they are the robes of a kung fu warrior
Which of the following sports is the odd one?
The expected size of the Web Database database
a little taller than I, pale green, amused eyes.
Remove it, the cart needs one donkey less.
You start to believe that it's alive and aware.
were destroyed some years ago in Afghanistan.
Which is, I think, why we're particularly drawn to nature.
When I was a little girl,
Children affected after the natural disease
Message fetching cancelled by user.
of what learning can look like
but it didn't have a brain image.
Please set the measuring instrument to screen mode.
Jaishankar Prasad (collection of poems)
But due to political ups&downsEvery sector has been reduced
Wagishashtri gave scientific form to the Sanskrit language .
It is a bit of jaggery, a bit of urens
Local user rejected the call
When we think about solutions to poverty,
B E S T Bus
How are insects named and classified ?
Are you sure you want to delete these {0} appointments?
Restore the default settings that came with Stellarium
We were in La Zouche.
Skanda Puran (Skanda means spill or ooze)
Open Link in New Tab
The settlement follows the caste pattern .
The example just described is one of coupling .
Another water body, dried up, of course,
How to claim see page 30 .
Then another character was a half-woman, half-cheetah -
reporting that as well. And there was an incredible picture.
The resource at '%s' does not exist
brings about new behavior. But the word “behavior”
Import keys from the file
And I'm more of the, life's messy,
in the bourgeois area of Paris
for ever letting me wear the hideous sweater.
Other oral regimes in use offer more frequent lower doses.
A human-readable description of the status
This survey's questions don't use conditions
He gets orders from the US and Europe .
Your connection to %{DOMAIN} is not encrypted.
from conception to two years old -
Must specify a key or keys to get
Open this folder in a folder window
International Bureau of Weights and Measures
Evolution is currently online. Click this button to work offline.
How to set up HACCP for your business
to start thinking more like children.
So you'll notice that many of the symbols
between what we're willing to accept -
There was an error copying the file into %F.
Failed to apply outgoing filters: %s
Could not create publish thread.
Every column is one of those concepts.
Asian Horse-rider - Horse-rider - Radio
Whether information about all filesystems should be displayed
between, say, the top quartile - the very best -
it keeps forwarding you to more and more advanced modules.
“ And the stars obey you ? ”
as it was unlikely in the 17th century
{0} went offline in the network {1}
subject of course, to, you know, global catastrophes -
was to organize the community and act together.
Failed to save cookie data
Do you mind mice ? ”
on the planet. Now, the problem isn't change.
because they'd won in Kolkata.
and the smell of the hotdogs.
A peace process involving Pakistan is necessary and inevitable .
the maximum rainfall recorded was in 1958.
My kids love this stuff.
It could not have been Pyongyang .
Available extensions for “OI Notepad”:
prior to 500 years many were independent states.
So this neglected space became a constructive one,
Click to choose an icon
Invalid object returned from a server
Call on 0800882200, it's free.
Add Google Contacts to this account
Deinterlace method to use for streaming.
Inside the Internet Explorer these are known as Favorites.
She doesn't see the point.
Most runs in One day Internationals (More than 17000)
List of geographic information systems software
How they are told, who tells them,
%s: Couldn't set userid to %d
Hazrat Ali said- remember I have heard rasool from Allah.
as rich and colorful as the satchels that I sell.
Please enter the nickname you want to use.
Allow only numerical input for 'Other' text
Type %s does not implement fromtokens() on the GIcon interface
Allocate drive space by dragging the divider below:
And for the rest of us, audience members,
or indeed, where your car would be.
Your treatment will be continue as an out patient .
There are two normal stages .
the power of paper and glue.
Cannot set user group for %s
Let's think about the future:
In the whole universe there was nothing but water .
He was born in Allahabad district in Hindu Kayasta family.
The first chapter of the Koran's one manuscript.
Use the Internet. Go on the Internet.
A recent study at Uppsala University in Sweden
accept as human beings -
This is the outcome of India's antique Masterpiece.
error occurred while waiting for data on socket
RAS image has bogus header data
Minimum possible value for X
At least one attendee is necessary
And when Noah had done built his Ark ...
It is an order . ”
Do you see him there?
Release to start new calculation
List of airports by IATA code: D
The MIME type of the response
Family holidays during term time
in terms of economic growth.
to talk about putting this into a book.
Contents of Mythology : Details of Vedic
In that case, we can see
Didn't get all lines of PCX image
Operation Dawn 9: Gulf of Aden
Could not save image '%s'.
So if you're running Namibia for Coca-Cola,
Save the selected task list to disk
to lift your leg and walk like a robot. Right?
and, sometimes, the people we want to be.
to be ridiculed in some quarters.
And the goal of RoboCup, the actual goal is,
Most of her life time spent in Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh.
Download this album using BitTorrent
Could not decode image: '%{IMAGENAME}'
Subhashbabu went ther and consoled Pandit Jawaharlala Nehru
They were not bureaucrats who were forced
You 'll see advertising posters and place names .
Now I combine them with hi-tech materials and engineering
They could define the viewing direction
It means life giving garden
of the poor farmers themselves,
So, you're putting in less juice, and therefore the outcome:
the opportunity she's given me
Well, because it gives them good paying jobs.
The Indira Gandhi National Open University
in our classrooms right now.
%s: Could not extract authlist from packet
We're told that we went into Afghanistan
And this is the scene that greets you in McMurdo.
“You coming? You no coming?”
With momentum of time Marathi literature also became modern.
I ' m mad , stark raving mad .
We also have the world's very first
Ther only he met Vallabhacharya.
The first is really the notion of people.
You have selected %d folder
“%s” expects none or two arguments
Germany's contribution to the fight against global terrorism
For more information, contact your Jobcentre.
The solar lantern is a light portable photo-voltaic technology.
Tool (software) to convert Urdu script in to Devnagari Script.
And the reason is that you take it for granted.
Another is to change our lifestyles.
The file format is invalid.
Who are these people and these groups ?
” Your money saved us for three days.
that starts in a couple months.
%s: Empty server command; using standard command.
This file is already queued
In this he was assisted by the Com-mander-in-Chief .
that are designed to let us decide
remember that cloning is possible,
and it's full of cracks.
He put on his usual malevolent expression .
Failed to copy %s to new template directory.
WARNING - Caribou: unhandled editable widget:
This webpage was blocked by an extension
Display notification when a member goes offline
Initial scale on the Y axis
Not everyone. There were actually a few brave Egyptians
The number of pages that will be printed.
This idea is based on the similarity of names .
Must specify some keys to break
have about the same population size.
for the crime of being wealthy.
robust human rejuvenation, within 15 years from the point
The timing did n't seem to work .
Prompt user if authentication is required
but nobody had ever said,
Character robotics could plant the seed
Help towards rent and council tax
After which Marathi motion pictures was also established here
that is not a crime. That's okay.
It declined to 40 per cent in 1976-77 .
and where are they going to find sources of consolation?
The command is not supported by the server.
how much cool stuff we have,
about this position I found myself in in Arizona,
On the left you have Edward Witten.
Google Chrome is now importing the following items from %{BROWSERCOMPONENT}:
The current position holds a '%s' and not an array
Was Surdas blind by birth?
COULD IT BE ME? <s> WHAT'S IN IT FOR ME?
Can't temporarily set screensaver to blank screen: %s
Sorry, could not open this file for saving.
The video did not have a related videos <link>.
Some of the age old dictums are full of wisdom.
There's new drug discovery going on.
And three things kept coming up for every problem:
Whether to play a sound file.
Clinics are listed in telephone directories .
hajrat musa was given hand wood,he shown several magic
Code: %u - Unexpected response from server
Now, the interesting part comes in more recently
and that's just how you do it.”
Start a slideshow view of the images
In October 2003, over 6,000 runners
into a giant chalkboard and stenciled it
National Headquarters of the Israel Police
for which men and women have been honored
If their eyes are shining, you know you're doing it.
Why is hepatitis B infection serious for babies ?
he shaped it into the form of a blade.
A : It is not kickback money .
The height of the video window, in pixels.
The next year , domestic bauxite was used .
world wars, George W. Bush.
Could not rename the folder
Signing is not supported by this cipher
And the idea is you fast forward
in ways that affect security.
It seems to me that conditions are favourable …
Nepal is 800 km long and 200 km wide.
Learning of Khuran ( Danielle Pipes)
you need to adapt technology to their needs.
the city was in tough times.
And for the last decade or so,
There are many ways that adults can achieve this.
Press alt+f6 to give focus to child windows.
_Update the network list every %S _second
And let me repeat what you saw last year.
The other thing about modern society,
Business Team 5 -LRB- Employers S-T -RRB-
not a valid cleaner: %s
This also contains mantras useful for recitation.
Whether to use the min-height property
Jan Samachar: News about the rural public in India.
Its funny (strange) things will never end
at JPL they are famous for the Mars rovers -
Word power: Hindi-> English Dictionary
that have converged into these conversational character robots
The personality of Kabir in Hindi literature is unique.
Nearly two years ago a bomb burst in Hiroshima .
when lots of other kids were hearing
Category: South Asia (South Jambu Dweep)
Reconnect automatically when the connection is lost
because of this word Munshi got permanently atteched to Premchand
Path to OSD menu images
to break up that big thing
in this thousands of people died in mumbai
I'll give you the short answer.
Total of all entries must equal %d
when the WHO publishes the data again,
In these, very complex geometrical specimens has been made.
that are unethical or unable to solve problems?”
2. The rate of their misutilizations is at the peak.
You can of course watch movies.
Error writing to cache stream
They have adopted the love-centered devotion.
Must know about uttar pradesh
Width of disk view 'Directory' column
” Yes , that ' s what love is .
{0} joined the network {1}
But there are is full proof for this
Host lookup '%s' failed: %s
I would make a tetrahedron.
Minimum number of notes to show in menu
Amitabh Bachhan is a famous actor.
like how you remember or imagine or even think
1989 movie directed by Peter bruk
we'll see the impact on millions.
Final scale on the Y axis
see it diminishing after a year.
Premchand started as a writer first.
Alexander's mother, his parents, his teacher Aristotle
something called the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
Central Electricity Authority of India
I'll give you one, a syringe.
appointment of judges of the supreme court.
It started with tiny quantum mechanical fluctuations,
means there's something wrong with us.
erupting from those fractures at the south pole,
Along with it is going to New Mumbai and Thane
Show conditions for this question
on the lookout for any kind of voter suppression techniques.
And I kind of got a handle on it.
Their work does not affect contribution-based JSA.
Enables the classic Nautilus behavior, where all windows are browsers
The Gentle Saint of Poets: Pant(1960)
He can't use the stones, but he can stop them.
Get an Ekiga.net SIP account
And the reason that sexual reproduction is so important -
I'm a designer and an educator.
So how do they deal with their differences?
&Always open files of this type
four kids dying there, 200 dying there.
Name <s> Email Address (optional)
The second phase 25 March 1948.
The fertilized egg has both the parents characters
Change Priority of Process “%s” (PID: %u)
You cannot move the volume “%s” to the trash.
Could not load 802.1x Security user interface.
Laxman faught with Meghanath and killed him.
Label to be shown for this item
IN 2009, Stephen Volframe launched “”Volframe Alpha“”
ऋ - only in Sanskrit (long ऋ)
These things make me different from you.
was his use of a landline telephone.
Your comments should arrive by 29 October 1999
It should not cause complacence . ”
the kinds of institutions that increase productivity.
” Alchemy is a serious discipline .
Taj's archway has pillars on all four sides.
He got married with 'Kamla Nehru“” in 1916
it is a national republic.
character value in \u.... sequence is too large
and ended on the 14th of March.
for a long time, infrastructure was not a priority.
they showed the same pattern.
Contribution of Hindus in World Civilization [In English]
said in a booming voice that
to take notes as they watch a video.
help with caring tasks during the day / night
about the possibility of a world
Specify one or more page ranges, e.g. 1-3,7,11
Saint Vincent And The Grenadines
The other cave-temples are those at Tirunandikkara and Kaviyur .
Something went wrong with the network:
that were on at the same time -
To show the reality: See, war
Size of check or radio indicator
It was not sudden .
Error trying to save file:
As oer this, the God ends the universe some day.
You will not be able to play or record audio.
In the same way that a good racing driver
Number of inhabitants per house
really just as a kind of nice-to-have,
Not supported (src is dir, dst is dir)
and to do what you think is going to work,
.Independent feeling - One of famous newspaper of North India
The Tools of hindi typing in Fire fox
Which brings up the whole interesting idea
The token entry was successfully updated.
Please download and install the latest Hamachi version.
Nearly all the predatory insects strike with lightning speed .
ate it and, you know, talked and left.
At least %d files must be uploaded for this question
He established many branches of Ramkrishna Mission in America.
This is the Pudong area.
And the problem is not technology itself.
I want you to take a look at this baby.
A graphical frontend for Hamachi.
Height in pixels of the border between miniatures.
So it shows that we're really all in this together.
coming to a new country when you're in your mid-20s.
They tap into local entrepreneurial talent,
Input devices (mice, keyboards, etc.)
that they cannot help but come away dazzled
This discouraged exports and stimulated imports .
of caste and other things.
Changes the visibility of the statusbar in the current window
And in fact, the baby's brain
Copy operation failed, item exists: “$1”
I said, “Look at the eyes. They're your eyes.”
Failed to write to temporary file when loading XPM image
Bhagatsingh is a messenger to young generation in india.
Char Kheme chaunsath Khunte (1962)
Mumbai people has always accepted him as great actor
Couldn't copy profile Bad memory address
I don't know what else to tell you.
you have a higher chance of going to jail
ensure that appropriate safety signs are provided and maintained ;
For Firefox another Hindi spell checker plugin
Years later, when I finally grew up,
You cannot beat that for sheer audacity .
India at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Diwan - E - Khas
long-term flows of people, is what percentage
Select Disk Image to Attach
Google's India homepage (multi-indian languages)
And rather than go into statistics and trends
Then I spend another four years to create my own
It fell prey to the vandalism of Hitler .
King Akbar made him his maths teacher.
” It ' s through action .
Make sure that Totem is properly installed.
Changes in diet should be brought on gradually .
Previews the contacts to be printed
And there was a wonderful little short four-year time period
We hope India will reconsider its decision .
we decided to go there
2- He is the head of the government
See the history of Sanskrit language for detailed knowledge.
They come on a weekly basis to Durban.
but that exists no more.
the police to investigate the crime ;
Your mobile broadband connection is configured with the following settings:
As the the Trevor Project says, it gets better.
WARNING: You cannot set a default value for a schema
Cost : People cannot afford personal or public transport .
We said, take one idea,
♫ just talking on the phone to Clonie. ♫
This can sometimes have unintended consequences. OK.
Unable to open temporary file: %s
good friends, a quiet street.
In this example there may no long-term problem.
And not without reason .
I don't mean they don't deserve attention.
to the falling of the Berlin Wall,
And you don't need a three billion-dollar Hadron collider
Mumbai is situated in active seismic zone(active earthquake).
You must be authenticated to upload documents.
It's all over the Web, Bible Boot Camp.
The first one is called Advanced Bio-Extracts Limited.
Lw of Karma according to Geeta ( An Indian view)
11% of Agra's population is children less than 6 years.
The disc in “%s” is empty.
that artists shouldn't say what they're up to,
List of airports by IATA code: I
“ Why are you telling me all this ? ”
Retirement can mean big changes in your income.
like the algorithms on Wall Street,
Please check that a disc is present in the drive.
What is the Darwin Centre ?
Anyone? It's much more difficult.
And this costs very little money to make -
much to the dismay of my mother.
Pixels to padd to top
This is a touching slate meant for blind children.
but it was a bit different,
Finished generating profile for %s.
Pakistani territory of today has been witness to many cultures
Our humming will be drumming.
Whether bold attribute is set
Read {0} verbal analogies of type {1}
dark-eyed maidens with swelling breasts,
which is basically your Facebook wall,
interventions can be like. Quantitative
I mean an ancient artifact
Filter the selected messages for junk status
And what happens then is not that our consciousness contracts,
Kepler won't find a planet
It's an Arabic medium school.
“I'm really struggling with how
Look all around for traffic and listen.
Hindi-Urdu Machine Sript changer. (Online)
Reconnect automatically when the connection is lost
and anywhere else we go in the world -
you don't want to pick up any assignments.
2001: A Space Odyssey (film)
No suitable Sticky Notes file was found at “%1%”.
The world largest IMax Domex theater is situated in Wadala
these farmers are helped by KickStart and TechnoServe,
should be equally concerned with it as I am.
airplane | aeroplane | plane
Overview for %(start_B)s %(start_d)s - %(end_d)s, %(end_Y)s
targeted law, criminal proceedings, despatch and increased police forces
maybe the world's - longest running soap opera,
All files on %{DEVICENAME} will be erased.
if I meet john Hodgman at a TED party,
I love you , will you be my girl ?
5,000 people apply for one job vacancy in Nigeria.
Error: Sleeping status is not exported by NetworkManager.
Who needs to be tested?
Could not flush file '%s' to disk: %s
Error parsing parameter %d of type '%s': %s
have no capacity for human empathy or connection.
And I want to talk to you today
And never got tired of it .
Attach to a running program
Open the Search All Notes window
so that they can assess their priorities.
List of buildings with 100 floors or more
Please select at least one file for download
of that abnormality in the brain.
GPU compositing on all pages
He began to feel a bit silly .
that intervention around the world is a disaster.
when we see a video of an Egyptian man
Middle East Asian Hindi literature
do not have the resources
This was a magic box.
that will help you and everyone around you
that they should have learned a couple of weeks ago,
Input stream doesn't implement read
We now deliver food in over 30 countries
%s: Error starting chooser on display %s
You 'll find their details on the enclosed card .
And normally he doesn ' t know it . ”
They said nothing else .
Bhisma lying on the bed of arrows
and compare it with how much they spend
India is the smaller of the two countries,
It's not fair that you can change your height,
Error calling StartServiceByName for %s:
All required files in: %s were already present.
Failed to seek to offsets %lld:%lld
But I thought I'd take this opportunity -
The remedy sought is worse than the disease .
disabled on upgrade to %s
And so in Providencia, for example, in the favela,
lipik.in - common way to write hindi
Scure in your home 8
Disappointed litigants are not always silent .
of when patterns start to change,
Atlantic Standard Time - Quebec - Lower North Shore
Charlotte's Web 2: Wilbur's Great Adventure
The country has 27% land suitable for agriculture.
So I'll give you four.
It has permanent access to:
Support for Obscura picture safe.
Birth of Pandavaas & conspiracy of house of wax.
Can't handle the supplied version of the icon encoding
Contact preview pane position (vertical)
rural employment that I'm going to create.
These are values which have been progressed alongwith the constitution.
And this is when my grandma was born, 1891.
on things that did not matter
Device or partition to search for installation ISO(s):
On reaching Prayag, Rama met the sage Bharadwaj.
Fill in silence for missing display data (this session only)
Whether media playback requires user gesture
Could not locate user's calendars
Mumbai's annual temperature ranges between highest to lowest.
<b>%s</b> wishes to add to an existing task:
The X server is not available. GDM may be misconfigured.
No GID (Group) has been provided. Cannot import question
and then we're disempowering ourselves.
New York City Department of Education
He called himself as servant of poor.
developed his system of value investing
Can not run the upgrade
a country that so many learned scholars and journalists
you're turning that from fine-grain to coarse-grain.
and their desire to live in peace and harmony.
whether it's the egregious deforestation
India at the 1960 Summer Olympics
and saw she had a nasty rag cloth.
So, the more tools you have, for Batman,
In India rainfall is generally due to monsoon breeze.
and the water storage tanks.
Binding to lock the screen.
The volume of the audio
The moslems call it the day of Catastrophe
And the task was to build
wiped off the face of the planet.
Invalid record in the preferences file, no Package header
“%s” could not be opened.
The name of the frame
Jean-Baptiste Tavernier, first European visitor to the Taj Mahal
Idian food is a pleasent mixture of taste and aroma.
in order to create fear.
cultures are installed here becuse difficultis will occur
we don't really know what's going on out there.
Please choose whether you want to have it available anyway.
and that lesson will stick with them.
why can't we get five-dollar nets to 500 million people?
Do you want %{APPNAME} to share your screen?
There are a few pitfalls to avoid .
Total three types of ministers have been recognized.
We're discovering in nature that simplicity often lies
Number of cycles into landing zone position
Democrats of the 21st Century
Error while deleting volume group
the same experiment would be swamped by signals
So, on August 15th, Independence Day, 2007,
it was simply saying, “Wow,” saluting learning.
Whether this tag affects the font weight
and worshiped for 10 days ...
50 percent goes in their house account,
The help you are giving at the moment
Cretinous and criminalised trade unionism is another headache .
In order to import '%s', it must be unlocked
The father of Surdas was Ramdas, he was a singer
have begun to walk parts of the path of Abraham
When you drive your car,
is just an artful demonstration
And there's another cognitive bias
but I realized no one was doing anything.
These outlying buildings were completed in 1643.
It fell Could this be all ?
K Video Acceleration video output
Whether JavaScript can open windows automatically
23.Nehru Park,a beautiful garden near Bharatpur museum.
Printing page %d of %d…
The children enthusiastically got after me and said,
giving us a healthy margin
Your employer can give you their names and addresses .
Carbon monoxide smoke caused by wild fires and carbon monoxide
Click to go forward, hold to see history
Abstract name space not supported
like Jason, who went across the sea
many more ways not to be on a peak.
I 'll get you the runs .
Because, you know, most people, when they hear
Leave the file system intact
Used in conjunction with the “-immed” flag with cdrecord.
“ Allahabad is after all home to them . ”
A . It was more due to media projection .
Click to change your nickname
and to draw it in and to replicate it,
Then we made these legs that are cast in soil
or a mosque or a cathedral,
- Norman Cousins (1912-1990), American essayist and writer
Don't show this again at start up
They were not allowed to pursue any decent occupation .
The festival of Dhan-teras falls 2 days prior to Deepavali.
Are you sure you want to revert all changes?
Every flak is made of excellent and fantastic handwork.
agree that meritocracy is a great thing,
And just put radially they're going out that way.
Simulation of data DVD burning
Maharishi Pathajali,has written this in his great Maha Bhasya
Press to enable camera light (May take a second).
Failed to access configuration source(s): %s
There is no application installed for %s files
We have a wingspan of about two meters.
4. States representation in the Parliament
Don't check whether the notification area exists
Rajya Sabha has got three special powers.
of which 90 percent of those mobile phones
Password of %s has expired
timed out detecting phone details.
And , in that way , the months passed .
And we must find a mechanism where
And this is: How do you make a teacher great?
was just a monitor in front of them
Rajastali is authorized marketplace of Rajastan
following things is found out related to sahitya rechna
Provide the existing OS root directory:
We can create the garden of your own.
Understand that the woman who made it
&Display a mono channel as virtual stereo
That's just how I felt as I had those conversations
PLC's, these small boxes which have no display,
of non-visual user interface technology.
These start from the tax year including your 60th birthday.
After the firstworld war, German made an agreement.
[Our parents, grandparents, our aunts, uncles ...]
Exhort people to join this war .
We've heard a lot about that.
“ What on earth … ?
Play the Oware strategy game against Tux
Tan Son Nhat International Airport
No driver for this printer.
My dad doesn't even have an Indian accent anymore.
Cannot parse integer value '%s' for %s
Atmospheric temperature on the surface of the earth thumb.
ring / finger | bracelet
to have an understanding of the environment -
And then it all came back again ;
The abridged story of Mahabharat
we feel we have a personal stake in it.
Whether dropdowns should have a tearoff menu item
PKCS #1 SHA-512 With RSA Encryption
You can help by doing the following :
we're going to be able to see, I think,
Ask if any check has been made .
Each team has eleven players.
2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami
dragged everyone she could from the building
Save a copy of the movie
In 1995, his mother died of cancer.
Or has one parent died and:
And yet, chess is a domain of perfect objectivity.
Road construction noise and traffic noise : insulation
No “filter” attribute specified on <template> in '%s'
Failed to move dotfile %s: %s
So the secret is “[unclear],” respect.
He assumed all the titles of the earlier emperors .
but he stills sells, at this age,
That is my immediate task .
which is trying to build some mini-blueprints
The provided value is outside of the valid range
and it's been so successful that it's currently building
And when I was seven years old,
At its edge, people do Obeisance and meditation
Occurs Less Than 5 Times
Show message preview side-by-side with the message list
Unexpected attribute '%s' for element '%s'
Now that can be daunting.
A lot of commercial and government art centers are opened.
Teach the main points of the Green Cross Code :
Now, you don't find any kund;
Actual size in stages of growth of the head louse.
In China, it's all women.
Binding to take a screenshot of an area.
Name of theme to load
Even in my gallery shows,
come from every single sector.
Press alt+shift to switch between input methods.
Details are given on page 9 and the back cover.
So nobody is tone deaf.
who manages health and safety.
The class is slightly distracted by visitors .
Secretiveness about leisure-time activities .
Delete the selected address book
The concept centers on something called the Noor stones.
He is also the world beyond Biswatet
Because the data is hidden down in the databases.
gives value for money ;
Australia had to change our political culture.
I believe he told Noah to warn the people
The value for the option '%s' must be specified.
Meri Biwi Ka Jawaab Nahin
world's First batsman to score 13000 test matches
because of the micro-noises you're receiving.
It was the technique of Feynman diagrams.
An incredible conversation sprung up there.
The debootstrap program exited with an error (return value ${EXITCODE}).
And one thing which I found
about a guy protesting bicycle fines in New York City,
and I'll provide you with good food and drinks.”
are stockpiles of these surplus capacities.
a chance to join something bigger.
List of airports by IATA code: W
Barack Obama pointed a finger at Binyamin Netanyahu in 2008.
and we drive from place to place.
GTD, the beneficiary of the knowledge about terrorism
India is geographically world's seventh largest nation.
that I could click through here,
And the consensus is of a very simple principle,
According to Buddha what is the right ‘dhamm'?
How could it be that children are doing statistics?
delayed or missed departures ;
Error: Could not get system settings.
like Equatorial Guinea or Nigeria or Turkmenistan.
and I watched these women transform on a micro-level.
And I learned the hard way,
Describe the symptoms carefully and ask for advice .
that I think are so important for us today,
It is a rape of mankind 's collective legacy .
to overcome the limitations of size.
And we went to Ladakh,
Disabling remote connections for this computer…
We cannot separate capitalism of one country from another .
Error reading from dialog display process: %s
Enter your password to perform the administrative tasks
Drive's seek performance during offline operations
We have trained girls as carpenters,
The life cycle of these instruments is about 15-20 years.
Arjun: Through Godking Indra, Kunti and Pandu's son.
the final one of this situation was Hazrat Mouhamad
Both my grandfathers were entrepreneurs. My dad was an entrepreneur.
An error occurred while saving to your Drafts folder.
of an old jacket you hadn't worn for ages,
See page 93 for the address .
but I have an entirely new relationship to door jams
Drona is a type of character.
As Chairman, Subashbabu began to move in this direction.f
Google's IME of different offline Indian languages
Start typing at the bottom on replying
was a little uncomfortable for them.
So I discovered some very interesting things.
Do you really want to delete player '%s' ?
of how people interact, contributors interact,
That data is logged. We're logging about
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation
He spent 5 years in British jails .
I'll just wind up by saying
So that worked. So booya for Scott.
Error refreshing hardware page: %s
to find out if the market town was open,
List of Harivamsh Rai Bachan's literary works.
Thread module initialization failed: failed to create thread key
Whether to use the vexpand property
No serving hosts were found.
Religion merges into mysticism and metaphysics and philosophy .
I think in absolute terms,
So, in other words, we add two years -
when the viruses were written by hobbyists
Enter the password for '%s'
The opacity of the window, from 0 to 1
they're a beautiful addition to the landscape.
In that time the Sati was practiced widely.
on up to the level of economic systems
<b>%s</b> (<b>essential</b>) will be removed
Show Haguichi in the notification area
Enable high DPI Chrome PDF Viewer
here I was an analyst at a hedge fund.
Ek Baar Phir (1980 film)
to produce or to share.
Automatically download updates in the background without confirmation
[One individual can make a difference]
she turned into a box of ashes
about the death threats by the Taliban
%s not a regular file!
a profitable trading opportunity or a well-paying job.
after all,the Islamic kingdoms thinking come to an end
The world speaks many languages , the boy thought .
Unable to locate the program
FirstLord Shri Krishna went to Duryodhan as a messenger.
Model column used to retrieve the text from
a lot of what they're talking about.
he acted in kannada movies nagathihalli chandrashekhar
He felt like crying , just a small boy .
That's an American C-17 cargo plane
Art is about two things in all the major faiths.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone
and at the other hand 0.6 kilos.
Position on the screen of the log window
Tokens have not been initialised for this survey.
Show the run command prompt
is our attitude towards the English language.
Your gun will kill you
is the ability, the grand ability,
The sensor has no native driver.
So I want to pick up from there
Reconnect automatically when the connection is lost
Determines pixel height of Search window; stored on Tomboy exit.
bu land Darwaja of Fathepur sikri
%s: Can't init pipe to gdmgreeter
Breeding stock need special attention .
In January 2005 between South Africa and England.
Chhatrapati Shahu Ji Maharaj University
Bring selected window to front
Can't enumerate subkeys of key '%s'
Ancient temple symbolizes the middle period importance of Indian Art
Select the audio input device to use
Stories of our Mahabharata (TV Serial)
Recognizing gingivitis is important because it is reversible .
And we're getting this mass-manufactured.
spread to every continent but Antarctica.
The height of the layout
(Children speaking) Neurons ... communication.
You'd like to have a little advance warning.
He applied for trial by jury .
Current survey has questions with conditions outside their own group
Keep track of separate prices for each store.
hh:mm:ss + NTSC drop frames
Extension root directory is required.
Because of MMR these three diseases are no longer risks.
Rama defeated Khar-Dooshan and slayed him and his army.
So I felt enormous pity for Fide's family.
Dhauli Ganga meets Alakhnanda at vishnupryag.
He said to me, “I would be free.”
Unable to use current version!
up around the Carrier Hotel.
When would they go back ?
S . Ramesh : The man without footwork .
as this fear that we have as men,
One woman gives birth to a baby.
Subashbabu in 1932 was re-imprisonment
File is not a valid .desktop file
Indian states ranking by literacy rate
and my sister and I find a deliveryman
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
Lord of all , Supreme Effulgent Grace !
Total width of the mosaic, in pixels.
that examined the photos of students
which permeates the fabric of space-time,
Moves flat review to the next character.
You are being helped. Do you want to continue?
is, there is not solutions for adequate safety
Top of that mountain, his ministers, including Sugriva lives.
We're seeing that now in the Horn of Africa
Could not save the icon file.
One of the saddest things
Rajasthan is a powerful area in India.
International Society for Krishna Consciousness
in the progression of the technology of powered flight.
Choose a different device to install the bootloader on:
India challenges the border towards the north-western side of Afghanistan|
The default Cursive font family used to display text.
then the robot yaws about the vertical axis.
Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology Allahabad
lead to policies that lead to actions.
Will all schools have these agreements ?
It's ecologically sound; it stops the population explosion of foxes.”
San Miguel, the joy, the passion for life,
But this is not ground water.
I also allow my ego to get in.
- the kind of work you are looking for
'%s' has extra '..', ignored.
in 632 prophet Muhammad(p.b.u.h) has taken relief from this world
You can draw, as everyone should.
because he does wonderful things with computers.
Whether the toolbar should be visible for the window.
The Amazing Spider-Man (2012 film)
Almost no overlap. Almost no overlap. And what has happened?
In the main categories these parts are given separate importance:-
and allowed India to hijack it.
Error: Device '%s' is not a Wi-Fi device.
The reshuffles by themselves may not suffice .
“ You own the stars ? ”
Is there no gleam of intelligence in insect behaviour ?
or whether she would miss anything from Mathare,
This indirectly helped the propagation of religion .
An error occurred while renaming the files.
before we were scratching out these stories on papyrus,
of emotional content in the brain
Someday, little robots will go
that there are hot spots -
how come there are so many galaxies?
and they learn the skill of finding opportunities as well.
The memo could not be deleted because permission was denied
FALSE removes outside bevel from entry
and begin to model how you're feeling
Now the poetical sense of Soofi came to dawn.
Defer image decoding operations in WebKit until painting.
1,200 years before Descartes said his famous thing
The video disc could not be duplicated.
Change the behaviour and appearance of file manager windows
Create a Google Account now
And I would like to share with you a launch.
He lived in two worlds-mundane and spiritual .
The third opinion is not given recognition by religious books.
We had our mothers, our aunts, our cousins, our sisters,
a firefox extension have been used for hindi
Open another tab for the displayed location
The never “”grew so what Like“”
The coordinate system is defined based on the robot,
Any rule under the article 7
KA: What does it mean?
Sybahsh babu tried a lot to convince
and they felt as if it was “we” and “they,”
What if that could be a vaccine
had brains and bodies that were stunted,
Could not parse URL '%s'
History of measurement systems in India
And I found somebody from The New York Times,
There are 11 players in a team.
but can't bear the doctrine.
Category:History of the United States
Hamachi version {0} is obsolete
Show the switch user button
The bullocks are compact and active .
Minimum width for each column
COMMAND The (optional) command to explain
acls - support POSIX.1e Access Control List
Click Desktop to Show Desktop
The whole country went mad.
and then controlling it with the software
“%s”: unknown disc image type
View or modify the properties of each selected item
But the problem is this: How do we convey
It was really bad news.
And he said, “Yes, and they hop across the ocean.”
could actually predict the span of his life.
Honesty needs no disguise or ornament; be plain.
Dependency '%s' was not found
Failed to get hostname: %s
Please download Hamachi and follow the installation instructions.
The less you talk, the more you're listened to.
Constitution of India (in Hindi)
there is a direct relationship
The culture of giving and doing good
Ask if workmanship and parts are guaranteed .
In fact, I've developed some interesting tools
to the question, “What is food?”
But they're very small, you know.
Their legal status is a lawyer present is not party
because there was no need to.
And the robots that play the video
The file cannot be read
and she spent five years in prison.
Occurrences when a tab crashed (“%{IDS_SAD_TAB_TITLE}”)
-LRB- c -RRB- Sportspeople and entertainers
'%s' connections require '%s' in this property
Search for themes at Android Market.
Google Wallet has encounted an unknown error.
Set as my personal default printer
The tempting hissing of silence .
Political terrorism means not a terrorism it means political fear
Launcher location is not set, cannot load launcher
C sheet, 17 x 22 in
Element <%s> is not allowed inside a draw operation element
And he signs off, “Thank you.”
You don't necessarily know what someone's true value is.
someone else will design it for you,
So this was the best job he could get.
in Egyptian hieroglyphics and in cuneiform script,
The streets were flooded, but people didn't want to miss
Then Ashvathama used Bhrahmastra on Uttara's fetus.
Quran itself has mentioned this word around 60 times.
Epiphany can't be used now. Initialization failed.
a future where knowing is obsolete?
“How can we make best use of this media?
The new password is too short
We have about 90 of these right now.
Log level: one of [ERR, WARN, INFO, DEBUG]
who couldn't study at night in his village
Amount to pay (US Dollars):
Along with it Bundi's Maharajas' game also became successful.
“%s” expects the second argument to be an integer
of names being based on horoscopes
we just took it straight away, as is.
Fax no : 0114 259 3620
Later, he was most welcomed in USA.
and all those kinds of things; what about that?
Copyright © 2009 GNOME Do Developers
Before form I was storm,
And that too is a basis for having compassion,
and how those drugs affect us.
There should be only one domain object
where so many of us are inclined to pull in
These pillars display construction symmetry of Tajmahal.
Perhaps 10,000 may be nearer the mark .
” That ' s it !
Now you can just make a little network like this
The next one, many of you know.
Every row is a student.
So robots like this could be sent into collapsed buildings
I need you to go upstairs, past the fire,
The “”Ritvigs“” are of four types.
%s: Unable to write to output file
We knew that, when monolinguals were tested
Hamachi version {0} is obsolete
Failed to get file list
Today, in Sweden and other rich countries,
Import(s) complete. Running %d on-demand waveform calculations. Overall %2.0f%% complete.
Translation along the X axis
Rafting camps are organized on the bank of Ganga.
before he come upon them and destroy them.
for both speakers and attendees, and I am no exception.
Because of the power distribution, there is dual-authority (Center-State rule).
Custom headers to use while checking for junk.
“ We are roses , ” the roses said .
Enter command to open file “%s”:
Obama had to issue a press release.
CSS style for the 'time limit expiry message'
at every moment we're given the freedom to create,
Libvirt connection does not support interface management.
That's a painting of a circle.
it gets projected right on the cover of the book.
Strait of Juan de Fuca
“ Anything new ? ”
Quantum physics is a case in point .
Toba Tek Singh (short story)
that if you really want something badly enough,
Error setting up default devices:
He favoured private companies undertaking this work .
and flew around the continents
There are many great models.
Error connecting to the synchronization service. Please try again.
to research, to experiment, to fail,
with which the interviewer asked her question.
The information schools and parents will give to one another
So, in true web fashion they put together a poll
And what he stood for was unity,
A lot of computational fluid dynamics.
So you have to always think carefully
But that was then , the stuff of memory .
Index or catalog of Feed Aggregates
Why do we struggle with it so much?
And this was yet another famine in Ethiopia.
Grants for upkeep and repairs to your home.
Show or hide the sidebar
Well begun is half done.
German army in Nuremberg in 1935.
In this condition central is establish on state.
Please select a disc image.
Riverside children were outperforming the top 10 schools in India
Sound volume, in percent, between 0 and 100
2008 Mutua Madrileña Masters Madrid
It increased further to 151,500 tonnes in 1971-72 .
There are lots and lots of tests of English.
All the Congress Ministries resigned in 1939 in protest .
Videos will appear in '%s'
as easy to form friendships halfway around the world
That 's the stuff good stories are made of .
The position of the remote video window
It is one of world's most ancient written language
1. All Nirwachano the supervision, control, get organized
that I described to you earlier.
Over 100,000 children learn science this way.
. Shantanu gave birth to Ganga's son Bhishma.
are hiring programmers, hiring testing people,
Is aged under 16 ?
There is another way to search for dark matter,
Tar compressed with bzip2 (.tar.bz2)
not as the problem of an ossified institution,
1927 Charles Lindbergh crosses the Atlantic Ocean
Whether background color is set
Basava was a very sensitive and intelligent child .
Earlier , the islands did not have any newspaper .
How can he go on ?
The selected photos were successfully published.
Dr Bhanu , meanwhile , has gone underground .
And since you're in my kitchen,
There is no space left on the device
How do I test my breast ?
What fluoride does my child need ?
Police say he was in an advanced state of ebriety.
Pakur is reached by passing through mirjapur,patna,bagalpur.
was like, “You're going to call me a what?”
The cicada is remarkable for its prolonged infancy .
Wobble effect when maximizing and unmaximizing windows
Dr. V: Supposing I'm able to produce eye care,
(Use context menu to change format.)
The side pane view to show in newly opened windows.
where they think the flag had been
And it's time for our mathematics curriculum to change
because if you go to a village in India,
It caused immense celebration in the control room.
maybe behind this there were other political reasons.
we go on family vacations in the present tense;
“ Men ? ” she echoed .
the helpful rivers of alga nanda are douli,vishnu ganga,and mandagini
Many died in police firings .
And the irony is that they don't need to be.
Draw slider ACTIVE during drag
Your USB device is not formatted.
An attorney in the office
The third big thing I believe that has changed India
Coordinate expression contains character '%s' which is not allowed
This was figured out by Robin Williams
can contain hundreds of layers basically.
GNOME Art variation of Circles
This is called the ' type ' specimen .
North Western Province, Sri Lanka
How are imperialism and religion related ?
List of universities in India
was that I found it quite easy
They should cover at least the following :
Document Viewer Using %s (%s)
Maximum Hindu prays god through sculpture.
The speech of president in parliament
And I thought, “Well, maybe I can break
Loading items in folder %s
I'm going out to defend your freedom, your lives.
How does it do it ?
He could recite them with proper intonation .
- Rule of Health of Salerno
Premchand in Indian literary collections
Whether to store and prefill passwords in web sites.
Varaha Puran (Varaha means Avatar)
Virgin Mary in Clearwater, Florida.
you would be able to answer this question.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
There are three main ways that infection is spread :
So is there a deal with the BJP ?
www . cafamily . org . uk
two of the biggest oil companies around.
- Ella Wheeler Wilcox (Poet)
“ They are lucky , ” the switchman said .
Error getting filesystem info: %s
The conflict is old and so are the parties .
His sister Jodhabai was Akbar's Queen.
the central revelation of anthropology:
We need to decipher the script to answer that question.
- my perspective is a particularly American perspective.
Error not expected but one was returned: %s
Septicaemia often occurs with meningococcal meningitis.
picture of Himalaya from the satellite
It's a lot like other consumer companies.
“%s” could not be found in the path
But then you get the smart geeky kids
Couldn't allocate memory to buffer image data
Include all networks created by this client
with a very, very low-cost bill of materials,
and with a spryness astounding in a woman her age,
Could not open converter from '%s' to '%s': %s
Show process 'X Server Memory' column on startup
Left to right, bottom to top
And so now we're in for some serious play.
Because we don't just enjoy now,
that pays tribute to how difficult it was
Let's turn the world inside out together.
Computer: Nice to meet you.Child: Nice to meet you.
Repair mismatched blocks, if possible
Preparations for Diwali starts many weeks before the festival.
Internet speed can be allocated through bandwidth.
then how could a cyber illusionist like myself
or access the presence of divinity,
Set up a Mobile Broadband Connection
I believe the government should do more,
He has to keep his job.
The nice thing here is that you can't see
Open Failed, would you like to choose another action?
His whole body was trembling .
Could not save the archive “%s”
Top Gear (U.S. TV series)
Why was she lying ?
that among those institutions that worked,
millions and millions of dollars
” That ' s what alchemists do .
The character of Kabir in Hindi literature is unique.
Access photos, music, and other media from your computer (Read)
who could tell you about the Richard Feynman they knew,
The time remaining when action is taken
most likely are controlled by one of these.
Conversion from character set '%s' to '%s' is not supported
He would not be human if he felt otherwise .
but there's controversy, and it remains, about his looks.
But you haven ' t answered my question .
List of the ids of the available languages
Why are there different answers ?
Name of internal OpenCV plugin filter to use
And then I pasted huge posters everywhere
Parliament's rules and regulations to be followed like this.
Keep Calm and Carry On
That is where you fake.
there was actually something very profound there.
I actually went to see this one.
After all, the best education -
It is a symbol of architectural creativity.
so this building is made up by the Hindu kings
List of server URLs for free/busy publishing.
Islamic History of the Indian subcontinent
And they were not used to that
can't re-initialize zlib deflate stream
And the rest says it all.
Ready to create file systems and mount partitions?
And then the boy understood .
All old token tables meet consistency standards
After revolt of 1857, British army controlled Red Fort.
Allow images on these sites
wait a minute … what ' s happening ?
And what I've been really passionate about ever since -
Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University
It is easier than you think. It really is.
Directory “%s” is not writable
You probably wo n't run out of ideas !
Error in address ‘%s' - the family attribute is malformed
They were strange books .
so that the telescopes have
Set up the page settings for your current printer
go back to the early 1970s,
Office-bearer of Rajyashabha, their election, power, work, responsibility and dismissal
Unlock password for %s keyring
is the tiny dimming of light
Use theme for chat rooms
Perhaps it would even have me kill her .
This is one of my favorite features,
Enable discovery in the new tab page.
Patrick and his colleagues said, “Let's bring it here,
It has been burnt and stuffed with thorns .
Subhashbabu stayed in Europe from 1933 to 1936
Failed to get object reference for ConfigServer
No webpage was found for the web address: <strong jscontent=“failedUrl”></strong>%{URL}
Division 4 K - Fundamental duties.
You have not created any tags
got his start on YouTube.
So they're very, very good at pecking for grain,
The screen for which to create a VNC server
Cannot save to file “{0}”.
So, in talking about values we are talking about facts.
living a long time or by procreation,
That's the first group; it's quite a small group.
Connect to the session bus
It was “ yes . ”
Knowing about Meningitis and Septicaemia
Snakes - they are malicious creatures .
Country 2, that has fewer telephones,
diverse and segregated on purpose.
Breast awareness is a part of general body awareness .
and the two of us could solve any problem whatever.
before you decided that you can't understand anything?”
You are now connected to the Wi-Fi network '%s'.
but the doodle is a precursor
Description of an object, formatted for assistive technology access
But the reason why everyone was silent
“ Because it ' s true . <s> Really !
Binding to copy a screenshot to clipboard.
Government disregarded the threat .
He pressed his eyelids down .
you will find new stairs.
between a Feynman sandwich and a Susskind sandwich.”
Hinduism in the United States
Telephone : 020 7944 6308
Could not go online in the network “{0}”
Duplicate %d item in '%s'
And the Chinese respond in a very ugly way.
Member of the Legislative Assembly
But it has an unexpected twist.
Error seeking in stream on drive %s
dramatically better. Thank you very much. (Applause)
that are an important source
which is cricket and the movies in Indian entertainment.
the initial news caused a lot of overreaction.
And as you can see,
Failed to fetch items from a server
HMO for the urban working poor.
comes in special prower of house.
That was a turning point for the marathon,
Both the armies jointly invaded Imphal and Kohima.
All these three things, then, have to be melded together.
The lit oil-lamps seen everywhere look beautiful.
The Ahirs own windmills and catch fish .
which is that they're idiots.
Use system title bar and borders
Enable function keys? Enter y or n:
But the Censor Board has had the last word .
From left to right seated:
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn myself this week
Gautama Buddha - The Life and Times of Gautama Buddha
VLC can't recognize the input's format
has to be laid alongside what the people say.
%s You have made no changes, update the editor?
Hint: Click a star to rate this app
Dhamija often teams her saris with tie-back fisherwoman-style cholis .
You still have a reasonable time to examine them .
But , all his sons were died fighting between themselves.
And the later it fails, the worse the consequences.
I teach at the Science Leadership Academy,
Check with the office that pays your benefit .
This image of three men wearing gas masks
Shows general info, credits, and license tabs.
Copies CSS encrypted video DVDs to a disc image
Enable experimental asynchronous DNS client.
and taken refuge in this house,
that are giving you your genetic profiles,
And it was very important for us
I saw there was money in garbage.
The range of UDP ports that Ekiga will use.
that take years to recover from.
Contact SCODA for more details .
Move selected files to another location
Pakistan is a developing country
1000 elephants used for the construction work
Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II
is to believe that we're enough.
Shown when the main window is hidden
he can get an Amazon rating -
can now also be producers and not consumers.
All token entries have been deleted.
Google Japanese Input (for Japanese keyboard)
he was famous in one of the great writers
Minimum time between emptying the trash on exit, in days.
Size of the video settings window
to do something of little value, substance or import,
Attempted to import %d file.
I was lucky enough that I visited Mumbai, my house,
of encountering a potential pathogen,
Jaane Tu... Ya Jaane Na
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.
and to design solutions to those problems.
Now, malaria is of course transmitted by mosquitoes.
Failed to set the system time
You have the Caps & Num Lock keys on.
Sri Ramcharita manas- Aaranya kand (Forest part)
Stage 4 ( a ) : Listing the hazards .
As I have told you before, God hates a quitter.
I had been tremendously invigorated
No additional selected meshes with equal vertex count to join
Chief Medical Officer for England
So this technology, 3D printing, and new design rules
Flag of Antigua and Barbuda
You can fly with Russian hardware. This is available
There is a new version of Chromium available.
the DNA sequence from the human genome and instrumental music.
The file format is invalid
This is easier than it sounds .
Should the bureaucracy be independent of the competitive spirit ?
What fluoride does my child need?
and use you, throw you.
in Abbasis rule golden age of Muslim period starts
But it's like an experiment. Now, before we -
Number of stanzas in Markandeya Puran is nine thousand.
in order to get through what you're being exposed to.
Indigenous peoples of the Americas
People say that onc there were two sisters .
He ' could not tolerate cunning .
It takes opening your arms, both, wide,
Couldn't allocate memory for paletted data
This technique measures calcium levels using act-scan .
and obstacles that must be overcome.
and I need some help.”
The desired width of the label, in characters
and we're not adequately addressing more, bigger problems.
Parshuram : Means Ram armed with a Parsu.
List of political parties in Gibraltar
Please add another input method before removing this one.
Her memory came back and she sighed with relief .
take all the support system,
Memo preview pane position (horizontal)
Krishna-Kavya-Dhara's main specialities are as follow
The need for long sleep diminishes .
Copy task list contents locally for offline operation
So, I see this, scribble everything down, draw things,
List of International Organization for Standardization standards
Width of text selection handles
is going to cause us to be better people -
You found this review unhelpful.
12. Which NHS organisation or practitioner are you complaining about?
and in Western Europe mostly try to stay away
So this burden of knowledge drives me.
They acquire the sensibility of truth
The last time we told the user about non-critical notifications
The clip region for the actor
Arise, Awake and Stop not till the goal is reached.
Five years past like this
South Indian food is said to be from dravidian states.
Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru was the president of this.
The value of the scale
when it lands, it absorbs the shock and starts walking.
you would be likely to think to begin with
in these last two options
Then alone can the Indians achieve freedom .
Now we didn't write this app.
and we asked this woman -
because we're co-creating each other all the time.
Group member can only see own group:
The new voice mail sound
Open a folder window for the displayed location
*[URL tool and name of the service]
And he immediately felt peace in his heart .
and the object, the scheme of things,
Profile could not be loaded: %s
The hue of the video
Study of Quran (Deniel Pipes)
I said at the beginning, we're losing our listening.
They want to use the army against me .
{0} went offline in the network {1}
Click here to set or unset alarms for this event
there was also rules on the muhey of madheshiyan
Explain what traffic is .
That is a side effect of their ordinary operation.
comes into contact with a threatening sort of reality.
or knows an autistic child
Resize interface to video size
the productivity of our staff was
January is 31 degrees. Last month was 39.5 degrees.
that it had failed in a number of places.
She said, “That's not me.”
this condition is shown by both Hindi and Urdu languages
at the University of Maryland,
What I need is a sheep .
After I say - let me refresh you -
and there was no plan.
“ Goodbye , ” said the fox .
%s - %s free (%.1f%% full)
Dr. V: See, McDonald's' concept is simple.
and who had a champion?
The story is probably apocryphal .
Error saving to autosave because “{1}”.
emulate the followers, not the leader.
which enabled the walking biped robots, the first androids.
but this matter is not accepted by the Buddhist.
will try to influence the decision.
is to be able to use this concept
An install tree is required.
Expected ID “%{EXPECTED_ID}”, but ID was “%{NEW_ID}”.
let your line be auspicious
The offer was never repeated .
His life character on the official website - in English
Category: Poet of Bhakti kaal(Devotional period)
” Yes , that 's it .
and until about a few years ago,
Change the default font and language for webpages.
that gives him a little bit of additional information
Are you aged 16 or over and :
I couldn ' t do it .
Unify With %d Identical Bookmark
Because like a racing car, any patient,
And then we are miserable,
Pragmatic Chaos is, like all of Netflix algorithms,
Element <%s> is not allowed below <%s>
Try to find out something about the firm .
Cannot append message to mbox file: %s:
We'd also made cricket the only sport in India,
United Kingdom Noise Association (UKNA)
I can tell you, even if you have ten Ph.D.s,
Between six to 14 year-old children
the collection of hindi poems
This is 40 meters in height.
Incorrect password or corrupt file.
people started to organize walks
This package does not seem to be installed correctly
If A Blood Sample Is Being Taken
We have friends in India .
History of poems in modern Hindi
And the dominant kind of snobbery
You cannot possibly separate these problems .
♫Give you freedom, give you fire♫
Subhashchandra Bose: Short introduction (World web)
for the purpose of adapting to new environments.”
that all three have also been responsible in
is automatically going to happen;
Several partitions assigned to ${MOUNT}
Override document restrictions, like restriction to copy or to print.
So childhood is the reason
So the way these measurements were done,
One response to the Muslim Council of Britain booklet.
And I said, “Let's go look in the basement.”
I said, “What can you build in this place?”
The Patient's Charter and maternity services
- Voltaire (1694-1778), French Writer and Philosopher
with the confluence of fear, ethnic strife
already, worldwide. If you read - if you Google it,
Error: '%s' is not an active connection.
There was an error writing to the CD
he sound poet,lecturer,and indian literature nobel awards winner
How did such a tragic accident occur ?
India is a democratic, socialist republic.
Short seek left during playback
Offline IME for Indian languages by Google.
Let's go to 40,000 years before the present,
in terms of human capital
An error occurred saving a response to survey id
is that it's this living relationship
How do women do it?
Quartet on the Middle East
Could not open folder: %s: %s
“ So is that what love is ? ”
from when I was 12 years old.
nairee,kristoff,ad Mobile communication : article on community,2003
But now you can have this for year round.
Learn to recognize unusual colors.
When he received his award,
and you can imagine those kinds of multi-tissue chips
After taking 'Sanyaas', he was renamed Vivekananda.
I still remember the photo.
List of regions of Japan
Low Disk Space on “%s”
Google Chrome is unresponsive. Restart now?
I don't know whether this got the biggest cheer,
whether on the roof of a temple in Singapore,
Get delivery notification when your message is read
Mahadevi with Hazari Prasad Diwedi and others.
c ) Reducing the need to travel
would be transferred to that shell company,
The world is pregnant with possibilities .
play the part that they do.
Meaning of kabir is Great in Arbi Language
The main writings in Bhagwad Gita are-
List of explicitly disabled GTK+ modules
The services your council may provide .
“ No , please , Paul … no !
so I went to the gas stations and
Residential Services are usually for serious long-standing drug problems.
A good breeding boar should be masculine in appearance .
One of the greatest studies that we've been finding is
Dry - cleaning fluids .
other type were called speech.
and that is that when it flowers -
one of which was used to buy the art,
analyzes your entire Twitter stream, everything you've posted onto Twitter,
- Vamp audio analysis plugin
where either it can leverage its demographic dividend
They are plucked with fingers wearing metallic wire plectra .
that technology is at a point
Show contact preview alongside the contact list
Unexpected tag '%s', tag '%s' expected
increase in the acidity of ocean waters
to one worker for every 2,500 people.
are basically as dumb as dumps.
Whether or not the expander is expanded
Juarez: You've heard of the border -
so it is known as Rajasthan
Kaviyon ke saumya santah pant (1960)
Download this and you can use it offline.
Could not get a selection to delete.
they all are helped in the way of spamers
Harivans Rai Bachan's writings in Kavita Kosh
Couldn't find the project data folder: “%s”
The executive thrived on the adulation of his scheming secretary.
Get your child to fill in the blanks.
Consequently, we can save conventional energy (electricity and fuel)
Profiles of three such women :
that best matches the firing pattern
and he was bewailing the fact that
This file is not a LimeSurvey question file. Import failed.
Whether to thumbnail Type1 fonts
This is enclosed by two water channels
There is beautiful red eye-spot on the hind wings .
Appends the contents under flat review to the clipboard.
and has had a terrible time with math.
2007 was a great year.
This is worthy of Sachin Tendulkar.
%s through %s has proposed the following task assignment changes:
this idea of someone being -
and the expectation of below-market returns,
So I decided to investigate.
The rebels had plenty of arms .
Famous as a great writer.
Error deleting stale lock file '%s': %s
Download in progress. Do you want to send the mail?
Many countries in the [unclear], they need legitimacy.
Another key scientific principle is falsifiability .
and war orphans living in sewers under the streets,
Encrypted ONC file uses an unsupported encryption scheme.
You have therefore violated your fast . ”
between getting BA's and all graduate programs,
\C not allowed in lookbehind assertion
Cannot submit results - there are none to submit.
It's all in English, and I'm going.
is that the poor man's safety net,
is that we are surrounded by snobs.
Now it is virtually eliminated.
in a small village, not in the town.
He could feel them breathing down his neck .
PEM certificate had no end tag '%s'.
The window which most recently had focus
I really believe that all people deserve access to health
The file is not a mountable
His friends are as young as three months old .
Network name is already taken
so you make structures, sub-structures,
The Bourne Identity (2002 film)
as if he had won.
There can be no daily democracy without daily citizenship.
it's the disease entities that have come in,
There was an error reading the folder “%B”.
We're entering a second generation of no progress
Show the second time zone
Enable echo by word? Enter y or n:
Look here, two generations ago in Sweden -
And I'm happy say that I'm now in the process
rather than just keeping that technology in the lab environment.
no flower was damaged in the process of this shot;
The amount of space between two consecutive rows
In this manner Premchand may have got the title Munshi.
Select an application for video DVDs
May none of your non-cancer cells
Sukdev has taught this to Gandhrva, Yakhsa and demons.
Take a look at these.
and became even further removed
Wallpapers appear on the Sign-in Screen.
“ Open the door !
you can contact American citizens that you know
And the Indus script now has
They work in government offices. They're drivers.
What can I expect from my council?
have suffered undue frustration and desperation.
The title of the assistant page
just get rid of your religion.
that certain types of irrational thinking
Show errors in the status bar for
Muhammad Sahib was also part of this chapter.
Clear cookies and other site data when I log out
Keyboard shortcut to switch to tab 11
Hazard Analysis Critical Control Point ( HACCP )
and I had an extra month,
But male chauvinism was its blind side .
It takes what we know, and it twists it.
So does it make any difference who wins ?
I grew up in New York City,
And sure enough, the four year-olds used the evidence
Every auspicious event is deemed incomplete without a Puran Poli.
into a huge database of thousands of pages,
Google Talk Work Name 3
who received the assignment to draw the prophet.
to talk to the IMF and the World Bank.
Left=Zoom In, Right=Zoom Out, Middle=Normal
And this breathing apparatus now saved the life,
It depends on us taking the third side.
- Carl Sandberg (1878-1967), Poet
in front of these protesters.
And I ' m scared of it … ”
but I wanted to make them larger -
or you can't take it all over the world.
to say, “I'm just so grateful,
Special Cardiovascular Tests These fall under two categories :
by a factor of five or 10.
“We're trying to deliver condoms to people or vaccinations,”
by events such as this.
You do not need to use technical language .
in terms of gender equality.
In Goutamgotra The mane of Budda was Siddarth.
Tell him the truth ?
Some unseen facts about Bhagat Singh(Ravivar)
Use the new PPD (Postscript Printer Description) as is.
Could not parse URI '%s'
Show process 'Command Line' column on startup
Pixels of blank space above paragraphs
but the growth of a human being,
Kapoor or Kapur and sometimes but rarely Capoor
in the Sukla patch Navarathiri started.
The Industrial Disputes Act, 1947
And the wholeness is the reality of you
S/MIME Decrypt: No encrypted content found
somebody was sick and he had to monitor -
And then she lost sight of him .
Teletype or monospace text style
Brahma Kumaris World Spiritual University
trying to understand what your child is saying to you
How to claim see page 30. <s> Sick or disabled
Start Haguichi minimized in the notification area
An Indian film star hugging a Pakistani cricketer
The alchemist knocked on the gate of the monastery .
Ab Tumhare Hawale Watan Saathiyo
This version of Audacity was not compiled with %s support.
A lot of models come from science.
It is called as Diwali or Deepavali as well.
Now he, the guy, takes all of this in, figuring,
You cannot delete the last answer option.
There was lasagna, there was casseroles,
The task list is not marked for offline usage.
fox / den | bird
There are other reasons why it's perhaps harder now
We select a few fellows every year
Google Drive cannot be reached at this time.
This is sponsored by Mahalakshmi Race-course.
Base and tomb took twelve years to complete.
Collection of memories,Rekhchitra and stories:Himalay(1963),
Self-test in progress - %d%% remaining
Unable to parse XML file: %s.
even if you think that good and evil ultimately
these countries are Nepal,Bhutan,India,Tibet, Afghanistan and Pakistan
They wanted to be footballers before.
Because you see now, I presented statistics that don't exist.
“You mean you're pasting an Israeli face -
%{BEGIN_BOLD}3. %{END_BOLD}Testing connection to internet
Is the system clock set to UTC?
List of airports by ICAO code: W
No compatible file manager is available.
and I gave him his bath
Then it's about combining the different photographs.
that it could help their kids
Time limit message CSS style
Current fort was made by Shahjahan, grandson of Akbar.
SD Video (4 : 3)
The city had a good drainage system.
Many were touched by my personal story,
You know, the marathon has really become
What can be done ?
in third part,about national constitution and also abut he rights.
You have to separate fact from bias, right.
Number of records in this query:
I'm like a junior varsity cheerleader sometimes -
Regulated Tenancies -LRB- 92 HUG 221 -RRB-
Month view horizontal pane position
was not just the hospital visits -
it was the fastest growing group on myBO.com.
'Te ran Bihere had become, its become Karaha
for anyone to learn from their mistakes
there was an announcement on the Virgin flight
By this there is no chance words getting different meanings.
I've rescued children as young as three years,
There was a problem while extracting the theme.
And you know what I've learned?
the values that you espouse.
If you delete a network, it will be permanently lost.
The last directory that an avatar image was chosen from.
Ring the national Health Information Service.
that can see faces, make eye contact with you,
and incredible levels of poverty, rampant corruption?
and that's the name of the owner of the card.
There's a point, you can stand here
MIDI file (*.mid)|*.mid|Allegro file (*.gro)|*.gro
This process continues to repeat itself .
Join and create local networks over the Internet
Honor the 'scoped' attribute in <style> elements.
The terrorists open fire at Yadav and kill him .
With that great feeling all world becomes god's house.
Top right is Stuart Moore, a writer for Iron Man.
Avoid excess quantity of salt and sugar .
Continue even if we get an sql error.
So what about something like that
The butterfly is well known for its migrations .
Whether or not to match based on capitalization
puran teaches the religion,rules and how to spend the life
It is more than the national average of 59.5%
Usually one young is born at a time .
It is enclosed by a massive wall .
we are the most in-debt,
always ensured that help was in short supply
and simple organic compounds like carbon dioxide and methane.
1982, Peter Gollwitzer wrote a whole book about this,
But the man had somehow
Mask bitmap to use with GdkImage or GdkPixmap
There was a problem uploading your photo
Dr. V: When you grow in spiritual consciousness,
if I don't rely primarily on intelligence,
They can do that because
URL, username, or password field is empty.
This software requires a joystick, but none are currently connected.
So, first I say, “Ma, why are we here?”
A language dies every 14 days.
For people bringing up a child or children
Key file does not have key '%s' in group '%s'
And yet these are the very qualities
And that was, the people who have
He was injured many times during the year 2004.
Not everyone gets much effect from cannabis.
There's a more complicated process going on here.
Whether to use the related actions appearance properties
When you ask people about belonging,
Doors slamming , steps , stamping on the stairs .
Use this connection only for resources on its network
This spell of prosperity did not last long .
every teacher you've ever had,
that every single episode of our show
Show disk view 'Directory' column on startup
Injil which provided to jealousy
Coke has a very clear bottom line.
Preparing to copy audio disc
it is known as selecting on a dependent variable,
and we kept calling each other
XMDCP: Unable to parse address
I have a variable of five different heights.
it is also to be seen
This service is not available at the moment. (%s)
List of airports by IATA code: S
You know, what I do is write for children,
Fax : 0114 259 3776 .
You can help by doing the following :
The startup command cannot be empty
He threw up his hands in comic despair .
These differences were highly significant.
And today, you would see this inside the mine,
Option 1 : Lotions and creme rinses using insecticides
What prospects did it open up for future growth ?
Error setting bitmap for the RAID array
Select in percent the length of the blended zone
Tv-out in fullscreen by Nvidia (NTSC)
You received %{DATAAMOUNT} free usage on %{DATE}
“ Why do you say such things ?
Sorry, your administrator has disabled external storage on your account.
And I was reminded by Karen Armstrong's fantastic presentation
List of Bollywood films of the 1980s
Connect to Hidden Wireless Network...
This percentage is even greater than the percentage in India.
And this turns out to be useful.
13 . Past policies have contributed to the problem .
Send debug output to the specified file
And then God looked to the future and realized,
Warns about problems with disks and storage devices
Sheel English- Hindi Dictionary- Information
How long is eternity ?
The plot with the red and the green blobs,
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.
Please sign in to $1%{TOKENNAME} to import the client certificate.
Have a look at these as well.
Specify how resize events are handled
Devices for the new volume group:
Permission to delete a survey
The version of the configuration format
Now of course, in a way
I mentioned that we were speculating
Insert formatted floppy in drive
Connect to a network server address
to learn five letters of the alphabet
Home icon visible on desktop
Whether the drag area is set
A . I do n't know .
Well, it's a rather complex system,
Device '%s' wants to pair with this computer
Jaidrath: King of Sindhu and son in law of Dhrutarashtra
so before I go any further,
If it wasn't possible, you had to use something fancier.
activators of compassion, actors of compassion,
Unable to locate image file in pixmappath: “%s”
then we know that we are on the right track.
Error: You have to enter a title for this survey.
Shamim A. Siddiqi Flushing, New York
Failed to get a lock
Penicillin was discovered in 1928,
What do you think it will be about?
has been touched by the violence,
Amount of high current used to spin up the drive
students out in the streets of Paris,
Could not connect to the session manager
he met Vallabhacharya there only.
the moment our historical generation is living through
Whether the results window will always show.
Border between button edges and child.
socialism emerged as a reaction to that.
Cannot load icon from '%s'.
Show process 'Control Group' column on startup
which is a great triumph.
Every time a new consumer
Support Services for Families of Drug Users
and I think that's the power
Could not connect to remote host
vary important work of the history.
Here it confluence into River Yamuna.
and even crooked Lombard Street
These obstacles are not new .
Number of Hymns in Shrimadhavatpurana is eighteen thousands.
Printer '%s' is out of developer.
But drip irrigation isn't the only innovation.
The engineering approach simply says,
Every time we make irrational demands,
And what we're doing is a series of journeys
Enable software sound mixing (ESD)
This is the scene here.
Your calendars will not be available until Evolution is restarted.
Valmiki Ramayana with a web page in English means,
Bhabha Atomic Research Centre is also located in Mumbai.
And they quoted a villager
Yes (don't record new data)
These should be explained to you .
the effects of urban air in the atmosphere
Automatically resize and pad a video
There was no new data, but there was less fear.
They were brave men , strong men .
He found the workshop in a strange mood .
Muslims say the mosque as their worship place.
to do what they do,
Output of machine tools increased four-fold during 1961-66 .
Transparency in government is currently a fashionable idea .
The responsibility for making a claim is yours.
Great Britain at the 2008 Summer Olympics
This network is shared with other users.
Secrets were required, but not provided
“%s” was removed from the file system.
Could not load image '%s'.
his 12 children and 50 grandchildren
Downloading local repository key failed:
The main qualification for this is :
by the current administration. And I think
Error while disabling SOPASSCRED: %s
that will crush a service
You have just inserted a blank DVD.
The parameter for action invocations
Failed to generate sample specification for file.
And they noticed that the city never gets
I couldn't find a single figure, chart, table,
and so on, but from the collective memory.
Hindutva: Who Is a Hindu%3F
Failed to link new visual effect into the GStreamer pipeline
A gesture of “Namaste!”, maybe, to respect someone,
because the telescope isn't sensitive enough to do it.
published all those cartoonists together -
Voice Me - Online Hindi text of vozMe (Speech)
thank you very much, least of all not by me.
“Hey, what are you up to?”
He doesn ' t have anything else .
Choose a different root file system
Post-September 11 , security arrangements improved only marginally .
Show RSVP field in the event/task/meeting editor
This page is in%{ORIGINALLANGUAGE}Would you like to translate it?
Are you sure you want to use a random key?
Whether to use fixed positioning for the actor
Cannot rename “{0}” to “{1}”.
malformed \P or \p sequence
This file is not available offline.
He was home alone a lot.
Failed to write folder index
your credit card number and the credit card security codes.
This story contain devotional and love.
Achieved maximum runs in test cricket.
“ I ' m not , really .
you would see an 825-mile trench
When you go to Tanzania, listen carefully,
Quality setting for the audio visualization.
And we found that over 500 genes were favorably changed
No mail service found with UID '%s'
All England Open Badminton Championships
and some of the stuff you saw there.
Moreover , imports were resumed after the war .
What we need instead is an average density
Starting value for timeouts, when button is pressed
3. He must be a resident of a different Sate.
but I think it's a huge cause -
Traffic could come from any direction .
and they weren't getting anywhere.
a well-regarded pleasure inducer -
Learn about the water cycle
I think of it as insidium sometimes.
Copyright (c) 2007-2012 Peng Huang
Preparing to move %'d file (%S)
I said, “Well, let's try it.
so many of the things that we're enjoying today,
* Not venture-capital backed big business
Writing of the verbal language-national language.
He who has never hoped can never despair.
Do you want to report a bug?
Clutter debugging flags to set
The width of the viewport.
Premchand's custom: He was known by the name 'Munshi Premchand'
A device must be selected.
you are registered blind :
That's usually not the route.
is how we're going to the next level.
But something else happened in the early 1980s,
Soon, science may no longer need us.
If the low-power mode should be enabled when on UPS
Please type a file name
” Ah ! <s> I am scarcely awake .
The third component of Coke's success
But on his refusal Azaad shot him.
So one piece of code
Now over to mission goodwill hunting .
no access to my own country.
if I was a museum curator,
and the environment, such as in this work,
Now the main bad guy, Rughal,
To have great poets, there must be great audiences.
Save these details in your Google Wallet.
Temperature of surface during the 21th century.
that may or may not work out.
Murli Manohar Joshi is a lousy education minister .
Fetching the upgrade failed. There may be a network problem.
GSM Modem's SIM card not inserted
And he even put out a book
Cannot create a folder by this name.
There was silence for a while,
The winter-dew on the grass should be avoided .
are in fact more complex than we previously reported.
%s: The GDM user should not be root. Aborting!
History of the Word 'China'
We have a dentist -
gave me a new perspective.
So let's give this a try.
which kind of sets the stage.
diagnose anemia at the point of care.
Use 'SHIFT' to place multiple buildings.
Initial gap before the first tab
to enrich himself and his family.
They were singing and dancing.
A cold chill of surprise went through him .
g_socket_get_credentials not implemented for this OS
Why , all of a sudden ?
List the contents of the locations.
mount doesn't implement content type guessing
just to watch a Bollywood movie.
Display notification when a member leaves
Which leads us to the last one,
that's the most mind-boggling and world altering -
There he died, then Deng Xiaoping brings money,
How do I complain to the Ombudsman?
Just by looking at them .
“ Then why this ? ”
If there had been rational technology assessment then,
So what happens when online criminals are caught?
that they preferred the automated version of their cousin
Transferal of Dialect/Translation from Hindi to Punjabi (Punjabi University, Patiala)
What will councils have to do under Best Value? 18
return streaming movie to real time
But,john,continue contact:One global history of Mobile phone,2004 ISBN 1-84046-541-7
So work goes on relentlessly .
Restore - DELETE ALL, then import.
PCRE library is compiled without UTF8 properties support
Parbrahma limitless, Annh and form - the body is devoid
and one thing - an opportunity for growth?
There's a new, safer version of Chromium available.
getting the brain coordinated with its different areas,
Separate /home, /usr, /var, and /tmp partitions
so that it can use its own movements
on climite change in united nation, a gateway for system.
Type of bevel around toolbar buttons
It is an acute and highly infectious disease .
Not a valid email address
The biggest lesson, if you noticed -
Your Right to Compensation for Improvements
Calendars to run alarms for
Remember that alcoholics also a major cause of accidents .
when we're wondering, “Can I love you this much?
are in search of a certain kind of silence,
when I was about 12 years old.
It ' s better to stay at home … ”
Various activities based on physical movement.
The two species of Dolphin are found in the Ganges.
And finally . . .
using what my students call the granny cloud.
without explicit intervention from the outside.
So his daddy is president for life of Equatorial Guinea,
And we all know how long this can take .
Basic Party for Renewal and Democracy
One Valmiki Ramayana website with English meanings.
Check with the office that pays your benefit.
Could not load options page '%{OPTIONSPAGE}'.
Maybe someday we will, but until then,
Jabbar: Dana, I can't do this without you.
Sam Higginbottom Institute of Agriculture, Technology and Sciences
Arnik (interpretation of the purpose behind the ritual)
Save selected messages as an mbox file
didn't really know Africa, and besides, my French was pitiful.
“ Then , whom should I ask ? ”
Hayat Baksh Baag (Hayaat Baksh Garden)
and how amazing it would be
five, 10 or 20 years from now
I don't really need the second one.”
The system did not work satis-factorily .
Sir J.J.School of Arts is Mumbai's oldest art college.
It's now around 80 in the developed world.
because there's an actual history
IBus daemon could not be started in %d seconds
the bigger my dreams became,
it has 395 articles and 12 schedules.
“ Books are like caravans in that respect . ”
Invalid user name or password.
Did not receive response from server
and sorghum bread, and before you knew it,
List of public sector undertakings in India
Modal and entertainment web site
and talk about a different Africa.
Islam's Future [Can Be Modern]
What's the best way of communicating
And that's really where we started,
This applies if the goods cost more than 100 .
The shepherd swore that he would .
a used paperback from a secondhand bookstore in Seattle.
This is the machine below Geneva.
not to do the bad thing.
Vedas are considered to be four in present period
then the robot flies up, it accelerates up.
And I want to mention that these seals were used
Who will receive the organs ?
Pipe to SpamAssassin failed, error code: %d
“ A great pity … ”
they can discriminate all the sounds of all languages,
The Story of My Experiments with Truth
C4 Envelope, 229 x 324 mm
The width of the empty border outside the containers children
removal of the judges of the judiciary
Students Islamic Movement of India
Use different passwords for different things.
seems to me terribly archaic.
List of World Heritage in Danger
The Muslims deserve their full share in this victory .
In war-torn places like Monrovia,
E-great dictionary - C - deck, presented by Indian government.
♫ I brought the iced tea; ♫
And you have to imagine, there's an entire sea-like lake
Tool for converting Devnagari scipt to Urdu (Online0
List of monarchs of Nepal
“ He wanted your money , ” he said .
Error: You are trying to use duplicate subquestion codes.
“No, you know, this is a celebration
‘%c' is an invalid character in a configuration storage address
What is Breast Awareness ?
“ How else will we make money ? ”
Subhash lost on both counts .
Enable or disable mobile broadband devices
we developed a small dune buggy prototype vehicle
Let's probe away at our notions of success.
Where we work in Aurangabad, the land is extraordinarily parched.
Other members and the minister concerned also speak thereafter .
This time he placed in prison of Almora.
And I said, “Kids, really quickly -
Dynamic row header set for column %s
The name of the icon from the icon theme
Why don't you teach them not to waste money?
were using this script to write a foreign language.
is that these are the physics of culture.
It was about all children. So, we were shameless.
you don't only appear to be more likable and courteous,
He was at the time of Sikandar Lodi.
with peaks and valleys that correspond
Dependencies of the Latest Version
The corn and mouth had to do is
Failed to save TIFF image
Error creating virtual network: %s
Enable screen capture support in getUserMedia().
6. keep copies of any letters you send.
So we have visions like this.
This applies if the goods cost more than £100.
So the clash of civilizations is here,
Salafi and Deoband were important among them.
We investigate claims of the paranormal, pseudo-science,
Documents on Apple Mobile Device
The number of photos to take in a single burst.
when I started looking around me,
The number stanzas in Vaman Puran ten thousand
Values are a certain kind of fact.
Show process 'name' column on startup
The username or password you entered is incorrect.
to go literally to the ends of the earth
It is the shop 's responsibility to collect them .
Infection where injecting equipment is unsterile and shared .
Practise adding up, until all the cards are gone.
When I asked her if she feared anything,
the meaning (what will come next...)
The experiments that were going on were very simple.
Sync Error: Sign out then Sign in Again...
on how we raise our sons
But then it changed, and it went on quite well.
The Industry makes 150-200 films yearly.
1989 Movie directed by Peter Brooke
Hindi many standard Hindi accounts .
“ Minister of what ? ”
Some settings cannot be modified by the user.
To be shown identification ;
Going out for a picnic
never returned to him -
while the other half of the world is fighting back
hanuman was prompted by jaambvant to carry the ocean.
PLAYWORK : OUT-OF-SCHOOL CLUBS AND HOLIDAY PLAY SCHEMES
The intake of riboflavin is about two-thirds of RDA level.
Show windows from current workspace
It's amazing that these cells beat at all.
My name is Arvind Gupta, and I'm a toymaker.
Intermediate rent receivers also grew .
He is afraid of words .
So we trick our brains,
that I was the Karmapa.
Couldn't add an image to the image list.
and then, to our dismay,
Specifies the background color for the panel in #RGB format.
It is also the largest monument of Delhi.
Northern part of Pakistan is Mountainous.
which they put on their shelves, where they are now.
Google Chrome is now importing the following items from %{BROWSERCOMPONENT}:
List of airports by ICAO code: I
tell the TED guys I just won't show up.
Dravidian languages were spoken all over India
I couldn't just stay in Seattle and raise my kids
This period summarily is pepped up with devotion.
Integer ‘%s' is too large or small
and designing this whole system.
And he put blogged images about the car accident -
The white marble is used in its construction.
He is eternal, everywhere and existed before the time.
said they were scared. I don't know if I'm scared,
Donkeys need to be shod like horses .
The Right to Compensation applies to nearly all council tenants.
I see not just a cloud,
And then it was abandoned.
Do not use mobile data for sync
He was out there in Parol delivering a baby.
One of them stopped to light a cigarette .
connected in space and in time
The type of operation that the file selector is performing
without feeling like they're wasting my time.
Did you mean to go to $1%{SITE}?
2009: Lars Viks, Swedish artist (by Jihad Jane)
you will get that aerodynamic efficiency.
Horizontal space between cells. Must be an even number
to see if they'll stop. Yes, it's my mother!”
The rain and the wind will take them off anyway.
In many ways, our audacity to imagine
China broke into two pieces due to its planeatary war
Legislative control of center on state government
about who gets to speak;
During his lifetime he attained the title 'King of Lectures(discourses)“”
and buy all the comics from the poor kids.
population according to the per kilometer was 22,000
Your password has been changed since you initially authenticated!
and children to their parents,
Turn on-screen keyboard on or off
according Budha what is Adharm
They receive comprehensive eye exams.
You have certificates from these organizations that identify you:
%s of extra space will be freed
OI Update - List of managed applications (check at AndAppStore)
so they painted it like this.
But is this accusation true?
We go out there and we hop in our cars
that begs to be heard rather than read,
Q . Any political ambitions ?
I went to Hazrat Ali and informed him about this.
The button used to click
She wears it every day.
Abdul Matin Chaudhuri -LRB- 21 March 1934 -RRB-
Date and Time preferences panel
This app requires %1$s %2$s or higher.
Enables new network connection handler
somewhere on Earth roughly every two weeks,
Selected villagers are trained to use these facilities .
Thomas Edison would have been very, very comfortable
And yet the more you add,
which means the little carbon atom.
muraja , Tamil murasu -RRB- , vangsi -LRB- Skt .
Move selected codec priority upwards
Click 'Update BleachBit' for more information
And someone wrote just on YouTube -
So we can put people in an MRI scanner
Manage the delegate settings for Exchange account
even though they're actually optically clear polyurethane,
“You know Aimee, you're very attractive.
Vertical adjustment for the text widget
Akbar with Christian missionaries in Ibadat-Gana,1605 BC
but one story can reflect something of it.
Eastern Front (World War II)
Carbon-dioxide emission, metric ton per capita.
every corner of the world,
and love the challenge posed by the Indus script.
The selected month (as a number between 0 and 11)
Deleted stale lock file '%s'.
It ' s not far by train .
Many such cases were found in the following years .
Climate is on danger side insistence of vigilance
But audiences don't come to see the magician die,
because you are treating the symptoms, not the causes
In what regions does she wander ?
invalid name '%s': names must begin with a lowercase letter
This is the systolic pressure .
Computers have become an essential tool for farm management.
He felt sick and powerless .
The mosque of Taj Majhal
Valley of Flowers National Park
%s: Authdir %s is not a directory. Aborting.
because they're in the malaria sector,
insisting on responsibility and accountability.
Input Volume (Unavailable; use system mixer.)
And if you think about it,
Key size for this partition:
Please make sure that the AccountService is installed and enabled.
picked this thing off it, put it in a truck,
You folks, I'm going to show you these two teas,
Settings for input, demultiplexing, decoding and encoding
MT: Which means magic is theater
Please restart your device to fix this error.
Provide the existing storage path:
Special places related to Mahadevi.
is much stronger than the people in power.
He was about 16 years old,
When does a nerd turn into
It had three broad components .
when pathology is becoming evident,
They were developed in Japan pretty recently.
The date the improvements began and finished.
The proceedings started at 11.00 a.m .
In Sao Paulo, Brazil, it's become an annual event
will change the way we talk about morality,
World's biggest IMAX dom theatre is in mumbai's vadala
of technologists, of public policy makers,
And he used three fundamental principles.
Now Humanyu's attention went to this side also.
Key to function as AltGr:
and then color codes them.
Now everybody, all politicians on left and right,
Why are they sorry for us ?
Both were thoroughly moderate and dependent on British rule .
Failed to init GConf: %s
the current system of consumer credit licensing .
In a world where over two days of video
with more than 400 acres of Randall's Island Park.
and it's two million years ago.
Each House of Parliament has a Committee on Petitions .
<big><b>Sorry, an internal error happened.</b></big>
$18 US (We love you!)
Many superstitious and illiterate Hindu also has same belief.
You see people struggling to get by.
Failed to delete “%s”: %s
Fax : 020 7217 4940
Failed to get lock using fcntl(2): %s
They're two big words, I don't know what they mean.
This parameter file was saved from %s. Continue?
&Select Plug-ins to Install or press ENTER to Install All
You can help by doing the following :
both from a financial perspective
And we can see brain volumes
Your broadband billing plan name
and the way that we can solve problems.
PNM loader expected to find an integer, but didn't
nautilus: -geometry cannot be used with more than one URI.
In the Hindi literature, among the list of various poets
And then I came across a team at Harvard University
Category: Jambu Dweep (Asian continent)
The list of mostly spoken languages here is like this.
Interval before raising selected windows
Sachin has two kids, Sara and Arjun.
Open new chats in separate windows
you haven't heard from in years.
The queue '%s' is not enabled.
Keep them away from children
Nowadays, no kid will let you drive
Linseed meal is a protein-rich feed for horses .
We ' ll look at the sky together .
as long as you provided a commensurate amount in savings.
My father was listening to BBC News
Click and drag to stretch within selected region.
But many of you argue, actually, that
and we were taught to tie the weak form.
Ram arrived near Rishyamuk mountain.
It is entirely a function of the present .
The symptoms vary from one syndrome to the other .
that if a bud leaves a tree without saying something,
The lamps lighted all around appears very beautiful.
If YES to both, claim Over 80 Pension.
'%s' exited with status %d: mail not sent.
Then she remembered a childhood wish .
Once you gain access to other people's credit card information,
He wanted to create a franchise,
This fort is vivid example of Mogal architecture.
How to find out more
Allah has sent humans on this Earth as his caliph.
The struggle was over .
English-speaking, well, you name it.
When I stop to think about it, he's absolutely right;
in attempting to solve these puzzles?
they didn't care about it.
nor did they talk about it being excruciating -
There was a moment of complete silence .
Does he collect butterflies ? ”
in New Delhi, 14 years ago.
about the potential for neuroscience to treat mental illness
Department for Transport, Local Government and the Regions
But, there is something more substantive to that.
Custom format of the clock
that were engineered from someone with retinitis pigmentosa.
He is complete,infinite,eternal,omniscient and omnipresent.
Purushottam Institute of Engineering and Technology
They found it difficult to pay rents to landlords .
Where would you like to install Netrunner?
He did the funeral of his ancestors.
The combined CPU usage of all processes related to %{SHORT_PRODUCT_NAME}
Type the name of the notebook you'd like to create.
of which only 400 were women - 10,000 -
Ignoring XML node with name ‘%s': %s
What I've come to realize about Afghanistan,
List of free electronics circuit simulators
It is designed to ferry 1,000 people an hour .
You must select an operation
or display any other signs
Copy the selected text to the clipboard
Timeout for marking message as seen
It always starts with a sketch, an idea.
with a very, very dense blood supply.
And so I wondered, could
This session logs you into a remote host using ssh
UNWANTED MATERIAL GATHERED AT LANDFILL WHICH CREATES METHANE
Skip games that use colors (friendly to colorblind users)
The length of the root canals is determined .
So obviously I Googled for it.
Other help <s> The Social Fund see page 16.
Do you want to quit Synaptic?
which made all the difference,
I do n't believe anything .
Due to these incidents, Akbar had to ban Hajj pilgrims.
Mary of Jesus de León y Delgado
The horizontal amount of pixels required to start dragging
So what happens when we pay attention
because you have to listen to the public.
It is clear and urgent .
Remove the Log Out item from the session menu
This memo has been changed.
Talk with them about their feelings on drugs and solvents;
Names , more names , and still more names .
You will spend less time compared to you.
[CAIR] seeks to overthrow constitutional government in the United States….
But of course, I could never say anything,
“ All correct , Captain ! ”
that we have a billion people
Hutchinson and eight others were completely acquitted .
Choose a theme for this list
Further copies of you and your health are available from:
Always encrypt to myself when sending encrypted messages
And so we tend to worship ourselves.
Did the marked print jobs print correctly?
Bandwidth, through which speed of computer internet is measured.
after only a year become measurably less clogged.
Nitindra died in Germany on 7 August .
7 . What is your relationship to the patient ?
from knowledge of economically poor people, wherever they are.
Please keep your ludicrous accusations to yourself in future.
and we got them to publish
average nitrogen dioxide hours (g u / m3)
because the third person is temptation or the devil, right?
That ' s nonsense .
three years, four-year-olds, and five-year-old children
Show supported packages on this machine
Whether the window can be resized.
with medals on his chest.
<%s id='%s'> not (yet) defined.
This contact started at the time of Mohammed Saheb itself.
Her abundance of flowers I held to my heart .
some of their best ideas through the program
have acquired a body of knowledge about kids and learning
as a king He was always among his subjects
New disc in the burner holding the source disc
Supreme Court's role in development of constitution
Three types of literature found in Hindi.
They stood there looking at the moon .
It's a wonderful, amazing thing.
invalid unicode in error message
Gyanamrutam - Thorough information about Veda, Aranyak, Upanishads, etc
Not in %{ORIGINALLANGUAGE}? Report this error
Poems collection - Huge collection of hindi poems.
Number of zones on top
Centrally administered areas are called as union territories.
What if I need more information about immigration matters ?
I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends.
Default command to run when displaying a print preview
Only show photos with a rating of %s
Can we stand to have more relationships? Absolutely.
he insisted that his daughter, my mom,
Select page size using document page size
Check that the hardware is able to run compiz.
You can almost always look phenomenal for under $50.
Device serial number is invalid
Disk space remains for recording 1 hour and %d minutes.
as making meaning from sound.
like you've always got two choices.
it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication,
there are many more than that on the planet -
Sri Guru Ram Dass Jee International Airport
“ I just wondered … ”
if one day you don't actually have them
I love that, but we don't have the time.
The plans of river and dams.
Think of models of terrorism,
who didn't even have calculus,
The authentication methods this server should allow
It is right there above us .
It's the sequel to “An Inconvenient Truth”
Day services are available at Harprey and Fallowfield/Rushholmes.
And using this very simple machine,
So far, 630 installations happened in 23 states
Move the selected item out of the trash to “%s”
who've been stolen and distorted by the media,
Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam International Airport
He is an actor playing the part of a magician.
Difficult objects have been created.
It's not the post that should count.
We're going to win because we don't have an agenda.
The third side helps us go to the balcony,
And it's a beautiful idea.
when we absolutely need to
liberate the people and bring democracy to the Middle East.
You probably won't run out of ideas !
All small and big take a part on the festival.
The book Agastymata -LRB- p . 61 -RRB- .
Jump to the Mouse Accessibility dialog
check Income Support see page 12 .
It is impossible to talk about the single story
So his heart was quiet for an entire afternoon .
<b>You do not have permission to change theme settings</b>
I suspect because they're discussing with each other.
touch on health and safety and relevant legislation .
Whatever idea you have, come and try it.
Write a new empty partition table?
I heard culturally and because of the law,
And now six years have already gone by …
We cannot predict the future.
I was there to report on that story
Size of the expander arrow
And I've worked really hard on improving
into Chinese, and then I learned this by heart,
Cannot browse children on item
where the children recorded their own music
Write to the Local Government Ombudsman 17
Remember password until you log out
WHAT EXPERIENCE AND QUALIFICATIONS DO I NEED ?
Fowl-pox is a highly contagious disease .
There are other reasons -
Key Binding (%s) is invalid
Failed to export private key.
Where could they go ?
that allows us to do this.
You may also select another network.
Planning to stop the noise
Get information from leaflets , catalogues and labels .
and they know that it's not that hard
or lawyers or anything like that,
Louis Mountbatten, 1st Earl Mountbatten of Burma
And I started in our medical university, Karolinska Institute,
Install this system permanently to your hard disk
Is it about something we can investigate?
Paying the bill for heating.
Identical mount points for two file systems
It's the dumb kid, the troublemaker,
I mean, I know I'm with a sympathetic audience here,
1. Stop at the kerb at the crossing.
What are the main customers of the future?
So chances are really, really good
that Sun that we all draw when we're children.
at the Rio Summit 20 years ago that the summit
Attend for breast screening if aged 50 or over .
a universal conception of human values.
Shree Krishna had done Geethopadesh to an accurate archer|
So we asked a question to the parliament:
What powers do inspectors have ?
“ What ' s that to do with you ?
My mom is a pediatrician, and I asked her.
This fear, getting outside the man box,
Remember , most young people never try solvents .
it's hard to find a good road.
that when combined in this way,
So you see these astonishing demonstrations:
how do you plan to use your life
The rotation angle on the Z axis
Life of Ravindranath Nobel Foundation
” One is loved because one is loved .
{0} files added to the sketch.
Flip to left viewport and warp pointer
and change a billion lives.
to where you or your ancestors happen to stand.
One day a few jangamas came to his place .
And you know your toughest kids are never absent.
this is a flapping bird.
then Gowtham Buddha sent them to preach to others.
This is very important if new .
Login as another user in a window
How does that compare to a normal school?
what we've found is that, in some cases,
the more seems to go missing.
The value type returned by GtkStyleContext
Thus further protection was necessitated .
A consumer advisory group will report directly to Ministers
trying to put blind people on the road?
- Cesare Beccaria, philosopher and politician (1738-1794)
“ We must find it . ”
And it was a really heavy time.
as do lots of average people.
Guided - use entire disk and set up encrypted LVM
When this result was first published,
Cannot start service on remote server
that itself is your awakenning
The Sanjay Gandhi National park is situated near the city.
The central power was much weakened .
3. Withdrawing/Depositing money from India's Emergency/Accumulated Fund
the bad day at the office
Check or uncheck all items
don't stare at her legs.”
and couldn't imagine doing anything else.
BE AWARE. <s> BE SAFE.
(%s) requires the folder set
But power is an indifferent leveller .
M.T.N.L. is the biggest telephone service provider of the city.
Where is the question of computers without electricity ?
China had a huge advantage in life expectancy.
The Globe of Science and Innovation
This software requires a mouse, but none is currently setup.
Well, the subject of difficult negotiation
They work on a shoestring budget.
WK: When the wind blows, it rotates and generates.
If you have 500 grams, 1000, one kilogram,
Bhishm was the fist commander of the army of Duryodhan
But we had parents who said,
Now this is a little pump
Save for further completion by survey user
than from cars and trucks.
Preparing to Move to “%B”
But that brings me to lesson number two:
Error listing contents of folder '%s': %s
Behind king's seat there are royal private rooms.
People have vary exaltation for Diwali.
extra credit, we might call it,
They agreed in acquitting B . H . Kane .
Mobile broadband connection '%s' active: (%d%%%s%s)
Clears the dynamic row headers
Here 300 different language speaking people leave.
Sky and viewing options window
and saw my brother's shoes were missing.
The love for country will be ever even after death.
Enable a workaround for T23
Stock ID for a stock image to display
They represent branches of the human imagination
but a fixed effect only explains changes
Calls are charged at your local call rate.
Rusi is best example of it.
You are going to take the photos.
Click on the orange duck
All these spheres constitute the biosphere .
So Bal Thackeray cannot be above law .
and a blind student can see what's written and read
Display notification when a member comes online
The Health Service Ombudsman's address and telephone number are:
Require password to wake from sleep
but that it's one of 40 countries in the world
A really important point for me
They say you made billions and built palaces .
Many devotional books are written aimed on ganga.
and the cheerfulness is going to be limited.
That specific. There is some more, Fort Collins.
Archive does not contain expected files.
“Tulsi Zindabad”: “Long live Tulsi.”
My house does n't even have a gate .
2. Prepares the electoral rolls.
Your <key>Ctrl</key> keys will now locate the pointer when pressed.
How do we deal with our deepest differences,
The “ newly weds ” sit in silence .
There are unsubmitted changes to form elements
Cannot allocate memory for IOBuffer data
Rajsthali is a Rajasthan Government approved retail centre.
Encrypted, compatible with Linux systems
But I did come to embrace this new identity.
Device disconnected by user or client
full of laughter and love, in a very close-knit family.
Important policies of parliamentary democracy.
Enable the Instant extended API.
View/PostTo menu item is checked.
Seeing this Vivekananda was angry.
In all your writings and thoughts Rama's name is echoed|
Spells the current flat review line.
And it scares you, and it frightens you.
to momentarily displace the soul of the living,
History is full of ironies .
Updating token attribute descriptions failed:
Folder '%s/%s' does not exist.
It says “U.S. Army” right on it.
Garv se kaho hum Hindu hain .
Disable auto run kiosk applications in full screen..
is to be a good dad.
Thousands of people use them
He was injured many times in the year 2004.
Grains should preferably be fed in the,evenings .
As if she had poured cold water over him .
and the 26 children marched in looking very, very quiet.
which might turn into a place
Lipikaar: Most popular sequence to type in Hindi.
You don't even need Photoshop, you don't need high-tech equipment,
they go to places like Latin America,
There are several poetry related to his birth.
As the child grows to become an adult,
Create a Search Folder from Mailing List...
And that analysis goes like this:
he has appointed Subhashbabu as the executive officer.
And when you're in the middle of the galaxies
If YES to any, apply for Disabled Person's Tax Credit.
islam has two main festivals id-ul-fithar and
Directories cannot be added to video or audio discs
be sure to raise your eyebrows then everybody will know.”
Indian recipe is liked in other countries too|
It is like five hundred million little bells …
Template:Football in the United Kingdom
and may have tortured you about your credit card bills
but we need to elongate it
Survey could not be actived.
when the scribe was writing from right to left,
Nothing in the world that is alive remains unchanging .
Chaudhary Charan Singh Haryana Agricultural University
I told him that I had just read a novel
or you can make it a clickable link
Whether to allow bold text
is a lot of the time, our ideas
Wireless control is not available
C5 Envelope, 162 x 229 mm
Rollbacks are back in vogue .
I got zero hits; wasn't there.
Having a great attitude is about choosing option number two,
and start thinking about what the future would be
They're killed; we don't even hear about them.
He is the basis of the world.
The papers say … ”
with which they communicate in this language .
The page label of the document to display.
Let the system select a suitable font
is when the helium atoms were very, very far apart.
Democratic Republic of the Congo
the only good thing was he was not married
but basically, it's not like
Most children don't get involved with drugs and solvents .
CHITWNE ROYAL NATIONAL PARK IS THE TREASUREY OF OUR COUNTRY
The IP configuration is no longer valid
%s is inviting you to join %s
View live webcam and upload pictures
Mumbai's suburban trains handle 6.3 million commuters daily
This survey is no longer available.
Generally , these animals have sickle hocks .
Clock is not set correctly
I could go on and on.
and have them do a little video game
1) Rigveda 2) Yajurveda 3)Samaveda 4) Atharvaveda
Thepla ( Flat bread made from gram, wheta flour)
Applet class file code (deprecated)
Minimum drive buffer fill ratio (in %%) (see cdrecord manual):
Error converting IP6 address '%s' to text form
Style of bevel around the statusbar text
picking up objects and doing manipulation,
Fill in the missing letter
that you care about your children.
Dreams do not work unless you do.
<b>%s</b> through %s has proposed the following task assignment changes:
where they breathe in and come into contact
Transfer failed, item exists: “$1”
you're going to be helpless.
At first there are fiction and religious writings.
And that feeling hasn't left me yet.
Guide the Number Muncher to all the prime numbers.
On the other hand we have someone like Ted Bundy:
Everywhere there were stalls with items for sale .
and if you go up,
Blend format is “blend/bg_color/fg_color/alpha”, “%s” does not fit the format
but people need to experience the story.
Wired network connection '%s' active
Mobile network operators of India
There is something more though that has to be there.
where the hospital let us turn off the mechanical ventilation
refers to the number of microseconds
The interval of values to transition
like the father character in my novel.
[Name of the UIL tool or service]
2012 Women's Kabaddi World Cup
“Let's call the whole thing off.”
Not agitated, calm. For which chamomile is very good.
and checking out a particular icon.
He met with Cooperative of Forward block Mr Akbar Shah.
Contact your council's housing department .
She is considered as reflector of suspense in Hindi literature.
are the ones responsible for destroying the world.
In 1937 he expressed the first writer his opinions.
that young Americans were serial murderers.
YB: And we made a baby.
Default height of the subscribe dialog.
These are our ancestors -
Could not rename '%s': %s
'%s' should only contain alphabetic or numeric characters.
Koran is the rope of Allah.
Searches for the previous instance of a string.
I would see Africans in the same way that I,
Thus there was scope for further expansion .
PKCS #1 MD5 With RSA Encryption
Can't get type and set/unset simultaneously
Learn about the subject of Islam
Second, you have 30 minutes to solve these,
It was at 13 , Mohini Road .
This will help to protect them from serious injury.
Now I say this all with remorse,
My occupation is farmer and weaver .
then perhaps one more puzzle
Application could not be launched
Babies should be laid down to sleep:
Auto Format Canceled: Too many left parentheses.
See this also - the town of India
Santanu was born in Kuru family
Can I have a representative at the hearing ?
Teach your child to be a good passenger .
I'd like to share with you today.
Printer '%s' is out of a marker supply.
King Todarmal was Akbar's financial minister.
Important aspect of Part 4.
with one idea about you
Open All Bookmarks in &New Window
She nodded , shaking her hair over her forehead .
yes, let's try and resolve the politics
Visit the Yorba web site
*At time of going to press
%s: %s is bigger than sysadmin specified maximum file size.
The Taj Mahal Palace Hotel
left paw, right paw, left paw, right paw -
Cannot attach file %s: %s
and they will one day mean nothing.
Failed to load module from path '%s': %s
and the reason I made this into a film,
You can help your child 's teacher .
So you will need to be realistic .
water level is right up to this.
with climate emissions from cars.
One woman no longer believes love will ever find her.
that seems to be carrying half of Borneo away
Pirates of the Caribbean (film series)
And it was that - that whole philosophy -
Address element ‘%s' does not contain a colon (:)
Associated pointer or keyboard with this device
How can I be more involved?
Are these so bad that they outweigh
The reflect of its misuse is on proofs.
Dr Rosalie Bestell views this problem from another angle .
Virtual machine does not support runtime VPCU info.
And then I thought, in my 40s I started thinking,
Maximum length of the text inside the actor
By now I know you're dying to know
Free NHS wigs and fabric supports
setting live region to rude
and refurbishing libraries that already exist,
This war is known as second war of Panipat
What happens is, you take pictures
because we lost the first two milestones.
I was clapping. They were clapping.
Cannot determine destination URI for download with suggested filename %s
Reconnect automatically when the connection is lost
Couldn't set userid to %d
Answering the questions should only take a few minutes.
and hold a woman who is not here.
Some numbers related to youtube videos are available for public
This language cannot be translated
The smartest one, first to come in,
And it did, and it didn't.
which is that it comes from within.
Thus the industry generated higher incomes every succeeding year .
lies in his or her capacity to contribute,
is going to be a visual thinker.
Sorry, but the pattern %s could not be installed.
That privilege belongs to the masses .
The Shankaracharya 's formula is not altogether new .
Need Ka Nirman Phir Phir (1970)
Tomorrow ! Really , tomorrow ! ”
so we must think anew
Enable the default search provider
Exercise a little every day.
The school was in a house,
hajrat isha made dead alive and gave mauza to patient
Therefore , it is not permissible to keep quiet .
Well, you see the nice story of getting richer
to downgrade our super, hyper-mobile phones
And I want you to just see what I've become.”
The title of the history item
more than 220 years of free and fair elections,
-120 dB (approximate limit of human hearing)
where we can keep our eyes on the prize.
Read the Quran Shareef online: Quran wordings in Arabic
Remember , the phone number is 225 - 3791 .
Sundrkand - translation: Swami Satyanand, Lady Mandiar (Acsbieen 1-877795-15-9)
We went from Havana, Cuba to Decatur, Georgia.
I want to hack into these things
So let's look at the concept of traditional anthropology.
We've lost that capability. We abandoned it in '72.
Position on the screen of the address book window
Element <%s> not allowed at the top level
Navigate to the previous page of effects
Superman is not only sent to Earth
FIFO which will be read for commands
Could not evict member “{0}”
I can always feel you inside me somehow .
Red marigold bears yellow flowers
The next day Netaji visited the Cellular Jail .
take the time at recess to review,
file '%s': unexpected character %c at line %d.
Incapacity Benefit and Severe Disablement Allowance
Canonical provides critical updates for %(appname)s until %(support_end_month_str)s %(support_end_year)s.
” And dreams are the language of God .
Let's remember that our cells sustain our lives
Error starting Virtual Machine Manager
you cannot be celebrating that.
The other participant is unable to transfer the file
Participate in a live encounter with Museum scientists .
But the demagogues are right about one thing, we need
Unknown error executing child process “%s”
is it's in the people and how they use it
for hundreds of years, and I trust a city
Purana's explains thing easily which are told obscurely in vedas.
I reframe that as a positive,
I realized that recurring revenue
We were unfortunate to lose a group of Liberals .
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (film)
and that was a very strong thing.
to remember an experience of hunger.
leads to a very big revolution.
Size of the accounts window
.Webkhoj: Search in many Indian languages including Hindi.
something you wouldn't ever think of to begin with,
96. Best time to visit is from October to March.
both feeling and reality are important.
honour :The president of India
Stage 1 : Planning .
If there is a problem contact FHSA .
Mode to use when displaying mails
Whether this tag affects the number of pixels above lines
We are bringing the science and public spheres together .
These vowels are given for Sanskrit.
that we get to robust mouse rejuvenation.
But here the problem is, one company is making napkin
'I thought this one thing was going to happen
GNOME Display Manager Session Worker
View/Cc menu item is checked.
then we move on to a second assumption,
Here are two main holes in Scowcroft's argument:
So Obiang junior, well, he buys himself
No recently used resource found with URI ‘%s'
that the movie “Hotel Rwanda” is based after.
But Vitthal Bhai Patel died.
Manage your apps, extensions, and themes
Pierre-Auguste Renoir, Girls At The Piano - 1892
G D Birla Memorial School
Width, in pixels, of the tree view grid lines
*deprecated* Check for new distribution releases
to hope or think that that child
Shown as extra column in list.
we could change the shape and size of the environment
he was having a very engaging conversation
The Scottish Executive Air Climate and Engineering Unit
so we set up like commandos -
Now there are several biases in risk perception.
Or think of the risks
This doesn't look like an address.
-48 dB (PCM range of 8 bit samples)
obsessed with this drip irrigation technology
Wait for Bogofilter child process interrupted, terminating...
and then played it back to each other,
Go to the last image of the gallery
that can be posted to Facebook after you die.
Before . <s> It wasn ' t you ! ”
they take a very local approach.
Update check failed to start (error code %{ERROR}).
Sindu is main river here.
Please choose your connection type:
My Nigerian publisher and I have just started a non-profit
came from last year and swine flu.
He was ashamed of his idiocy and blushed hotly .
It's not an only-in-school thing.
%s: Can't find the GDM user '%s'. Aborting!
when my kids have left home,
” Why is that ?
(network play is not yet available)
Q . Did she formally quit NDA ?
The gap has widened since I left.
the world around us and the world inside us.
The Control of Parliament Over the Monetary System
So within the motor, we have three Hall sensors,
the images of the woman portrayed
Which is rooted in one-life culture.
division, addition and subtraction in their head.
alone in India make under a dollar a day.
next to a Hungarian physicist about my age
This was said about 40 years ago .
Application does not accept documents on command line
The specified movie could not be found.
The work was through the trust of Parsi writer Khan.
Priority to use for this plugin in gnome-settings-daemon startup queue
that the last elections, five years ago,
Hit the target and count your points
There's a lot more problems like that -
Normalizing without removing DC offset...
Hindi Typing Tools in Firefox
which was found buried near the gate of a city.
Are you sure you want to delete the network “{0}”?
Select an application to view its description.
Calcium levels are digitally scored .
that he was somehow representative
G. B. Pant University of Agriculture and Technology
The prosecution consequently lost its evidence at Sessions .
in every Canadian university and college studies.
Error ! You cannot create recursive Hierarchy of Employees.
Maximum Chinese characters in pre-edit buffer, including inputing Zhuyin symbols
Unable to check whether the certificate has been revoked.
Show week numbers in date navigator
When TRUE, empty menu proxies for this action are hidden.
Change how %{APPNAME} handles and displays languages
Authdir %s does not exist. Aborting.
and you'll see occasionally a couple of filaments intersect,
%s: initgroups () failed for %s
Hindu is the farsi voice.
Drag to Zoom Into Region, Right-Click to Zoom Out
He has two duties to perform.
Temporal chroma strength (default 4.5)
After all , globalisation is not economic alone .
This is a key issue.
Charaxes and Eriboea are the fastest-flying butterflies .
“ Why did they come for him ? ”
that is responsible and respectful,
Error closing (unlinked) lock file ‘%s': %s
Sanskrit is india's one of the classic language
Cannot authenticate without a username
a click wheel with voice commands, a leg strip,
Horatio Nelson, 1st Viscount Nelson
The first chapter of Khuran in Pandulipi.
everywhere I went on the continents,
The site's security certificate is not trusted!
You can also apply if you get a new landlord.
We have 81 units of local government;
They have left their effect in all subjects.
Toggles whether to show time as busy
Minimum frequency must be at least 0 Hz
and put forward the compelling evidence
So there will be no tectonic shifts .
The main qualification for this is:
Schedule of average temperature & precipitation.
and you get a large cluster of galaxies.
This will be the “community strategy”.
Failed to open “%s”: %s
Shri Krishna gave his message to Arjun.
Sending a message with only Bcc recipients defined
Append colon to username when replying
Adjust top face image to rotation
they just often choose not to.
These settings are enforced by your administrator.
an English game that India usurped a little bit,
Category:Provinces of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
There's something else about these people,
from the entire collective memory
Secondly, what does it mean for the public's perception
in Pakistan Indian Hindi cinemas are liked by everyone
Transferring track %d out of %d (%.0f%%)
church attendance in Western Europe
Whether it's by finding those innovations
It is a structure for maintain,
Couldn't get list of address books
But what he's doing is so easy to follow.
Whether to enable resizable text areas
In any subject, every discourse is being written.
Could not determine audio track durations
There are four “”gana“”s (genera) of these “”Ritwik“”s in “”Shroutyadnya“”.
that we're almost blinded to the value of doodling.
Requesting a Wi-Fi network address for '%s'...
On polling day , the loyalists changed priorities .
My father defied his own grandfather,
the most innovative was that The 99 reach back out
There are fifty five thousand hymns in Padma Puran.
This is a digitally encrypted message part
One team consist of 11 players.
Server's certificate is not yet valid.
Specify the default tile height.
Another plug-in for Hindi spell-check for Firefox
when it turns out that people who disagree with us
because her loved one has died in America
and it's become our pet project. It's successful,
A flag to enable maximized mode
His father ' s eyes .
Could not parse PEM-encoded certificate
the most important questions in human life:
Mountain Standard Time - Sonora
'%d' value is out of range <0-3>
Always forward calls to the given host
off the surface of the High Line,
You tuber,a simple audience of you tube.
Set process priority to very low
No '/' in key “%s”
You will feel loved and appreciated like never before
“%s” does not appear to be a valid theme.
Send debug output to debug-YYYY-MM-DD-HH:MM:SS.out
And this spell might last for decades .
“ Have you ever … had a woman ? ”
Whether the actor will be painted
no valid plugins were enabled
Type of subpixel antialiasing; none, rgb, bgr, vrgb, vbgr
Similarly , the language adopted was simple Hindustani .
I had to meet my love.
Honey, sit up so they can see you.”
do not distinguish the color blue from the color green
I had to understand something about this remarkable faith
no shopping malls as you know them here.
Will the funeral be delayed?
There you go. 70 cabinet ministers, 114 presidential advisers -
Because we're far from home, we're very tired.”
Failed to open file '%s': fdopen() failed: %s
Apart from this some words are innovated here.
India Filims Industries has been called Baliwood in India.
into the denser regions of these jets,
It really happens-if you 're good-looking , that is .
Failed to read the strip correctly.
and we'll hear about that from the
Its base is a huge multi rooms structure.
while the robot is calculating the position of the hoop
All experiments are available on your platform!
Can you imagine walking out of this building
Water particles from that comes sulpher,chlorine.
It also explains special standards for maternity services.
This time is also called Roja.
Sanjay Gandhi National Park is situated near the city.
It's quite fashionable to say that the education system's broken.
O god , take back thy boon ! ”
2012 Women's Kabaddi World Cup
and we devour slice after slice
This only makes its four walls (borders).
as “gardens watered by running streams.”
Do not ask me about this program again.
There are some disadvantages too
2. The Constitution is not against the basic structure of
A single shot rang through the night streets .
Generally your doctor will examine you.
This soul is the absolute.
Key binding (%s) is incomplete
What do you say to that ?
of the risks, the threats,
Among them, one is bowler,other wicketkeeperAnd 9 feilders.
So in less than a month,
Use your microphone and camera
Select an application for “%s” files
and I was so excited that
Meerabai was leading poetess of Krishna devotion sect.
It has helped us to extend our physical selves,
Western end is mostly sandy or stony.
What if the noise maker persists ?
“ What ' s … ”
Warning: Before turning on HTTPS,
and do plays and have speeches.
in the ion minus the number of electrons.
Detailed email notification with response data is sent to:
Cannot find matching event in the next %d year
But now he's had enough.
An error ocurred while connecting to the specified server:
conversations we had when he was four,
Adjust the white light to your LED stripes
This place in India is now situated in Haryana|
Warning: Failed to determine sample specification from file.
The referenced credentials have expired.
Get help with using Chromium OS
Right from loneliness to filling potholes in the street,
Housing Benefit and Council Tax Benefit
It can cause mental anguish too . .
Kinnari Bommayya was another devotee whose profession was lute-playing .
Kya bhooloon yad karoo (1969)
The adult literacy rate in China
You can not afford to buy this.
Could not find tab for id
Whether the private items should be displayed
You can get information on them from other leaflets:
Display Instant results (Instant Extended is disabled).
I decided to eliminate negative energy from my life.
The Government wants consumers to have a powerful voice .
Whether non-HTTPS resources can display on HTTPS pages.
I think of Shakespeare's Shylock:
Can't delete value '%s' from key '%s'
Invalid reply from proxy server
dainik Swatantra mat ( Independent daily0
can cause a heart attack or a stroke,
<span size=“large”><b>Updated plugins are available!</b></span>
“You're always talking to nice people, except when you went
I know what is wrong. I have done wrong.
Campden Food &amp; Drink Research Association (1987).
His death in 1623 was
It was only due to our weakness .
Blanks and formats rewritable DVDs and BDs
'%(filename)s' was uploaded to your personal cloud.
But I'm still suggesting you and I should meet.
Open Link in New &Window
World Classical Tamil Conference 2010
List of cities in Pakistan
likes to fire sort of midway between the walls
Indian states ranking by media exposure
my namesake, 21 years old.
Hence he refused to run away.
National Institute of Oceanography, India
Version %s of the GIF file format is not supported
Statutory relations of the centre and the states
the mother and child both had died.
He must express regret for being there . ”
at the age of 25 Narendra Dutt wore saint dress
Alpha value as computed by the alpha
who really have innovations, not only for their country,
Automatic timeout to protect encrypted documents.
The road to Delhi is the road to Freedom !
Whether or not the widget is double buffered
He regularly practises bowling with the left hand.
people go for walks in the woods.
There are seventeen thousand verses in the KurmaPuran.
4 . Wait 'till it's safe to cross
So I spoke with the guys at the lab.
Hamachi version {0} is obsolete
its hubcaps, its sideview mirrors,
Ten are nature-sent over which you can't do a thing.
After a while, his advisers complained.
of bringing these to cities around the world
He was sure the girl would never understand .
He took care of him.
If you feel you understand the risks, you may %{PROCEEDLINK}.
Tourism industry is 5.3% of India's GDP.
What happens when things go wrong? 17
Could not save the icon file.
they took him for lunch.
Failed to print page %d: %s
And we made them react to people,
you can cut deaths by over 50 percent.
Members of Parliament from Rajasthan
that the social acknowledgement brings.
and put him in his Batman pajamas.
Help to translate GTG into your language
VLC could not open the video output module.
License Agreement Accept button now has focus.
With wireless connectivity these days,
Frenchmen and Englishmen hang their heads in shame .
Could not read the contents of %s
Press $1%{SEARCH_KEY} to search $2%{SITE_NAME}
to come into the projects.
One third of the people I rescue
The cows are fairly good milk-yielders .
where we track virus infections worldwide.
Look very closely at pilgrimage.
hh:mm:ss + CDDA frames (75 fps)
when she was in the final stages of AIDS,
Minute the workday starts on, 0 to 59.
with a trained biotechnology teacher, were getting.
which is itself short for
Mark the task as not to be done anymore
He was silent , taken aback by the question .
because there's no variation at all.
that the cost of malnutrition and hunger -
This profile is intended for the B&N Nook.
Hindi typing tool in firefox
HP: Okay. So this imitation business
Some are driven by compassion,
Submit played tracks stats to Last.fm
and he'll be terrible for anything on the ground,
If you look at other East Asian countries,
And it only ended because the English cricketers
which is, he suddenly became passionate, engaged,
Cricket is the one of the new game entered.
So the 20th century, then,
you're likely to get the trade-off wrong,
the writing of a London merchant called John Locke,
Jawaharlal Nehru in 1917 and joined the Home Rule League
This site recommends Chromium Frame (already installed).
The disinvestment process will be expedited .
But the prices were low and the profits small .
Do not be afraid to haggle over the price.
Instead he ' d take the airline coach .
Let's review some of the more prominent schemes.
You can start using any surface, any wall around you,
And this student, probably the first time using it,
It can be passed in loksabha within 6weeks
[could not load album %s]
The printing system reported the following details about the error:
He also made all these subjects his arch
S&how the spectrum using grayscale colors
Part of veda (description behind these rituals)
but they have 35,000 local doctors
Soon after , she suffered a mild heart attack .
Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose International Airport
Cannot allocate temporary IOBuffer data
or that everything were free kind of utopia.
Do you really want to delete this shopping list?
This revolution was led by Subhashbabu in Kolkata.
Server response ended too soon.
with a functioning nation and state.
in front of enemy , limitations of PBS October 2006
Writes a log of profiling data events.
and a voice said, “I'm up here.”
Permission to modify survey security settings
Leander Paes and Mahesh Bhupathi know what they did .
Toggle between button and text-based location bar
Failed to get ISP names: %s
Adding %s %s to profile.
We do like to consume,
Start Haguichi minimized in the notification area
Whether underline attribute is set
Sachin is the greatest batsman in Cricketing history.
is really a good place to live.
So before I play this video,
received error or hang up from event source
Network access was required but not available.
ever going to learn to write computer programs?
Indeed experiments have already been initiated in this direction .
We stop for a quick commercial break,
I was recently having dinner with a guy
This one is in England.
and he was like, “No actually, that's true.
Somebody goes to another country,
Revolutionary thoughts by Indian great personalities on Islam and Quran
we can see whether there are any non-linear effects
Workplace: Teaching in Allahabad University.
for my artwork, I shaved off all my hair
is we train our muscles, we train our skeleton,
List of zones of Nepal
an internal call to the PostMessage function has failed.
You must be working online to complete this operation.
Can not extend a schema with a path
Event's start time is in the past
Satyajit ray has made memorable films on his two stories.
(Select multiple label sets by using the Ctrl key)
There is much that is known about mental illness.
Whether list item matching is case sensitive
Whether pressing return causes the activate signal to be emitted
And this is how we develop our ideas.
Signed by <i><key id='%s'/></i> on %s <b>Expired</b>.
and made it illegal for girls to go to school.
Otherwise this definitely must have written before 1000 BC.
Ignoring bad car from XML pair: %s
The dry air is really good for telescopes,
and had to be about things with which
Nehru was studied in world class schools and colleges
and also slowly a relative compassion,
But such people, compelled to the East India Company,
for communications and and informations it is helpful
Janakinath Bose was a famous lawyer of Cuttack city.
And if you pull the cords under the knot,
Forty years back, computers were seen
that we have of undertaking this challenge.
isn't actually exactly like what we think and feel.
Failed to load applet %s
Some CDs and tapes have song words printed on them
I don't think he was right.
Yes, everyone in the room.
Cannot get contact list uids:
Mohammad sahib was the part of same link.
The website is unable to handle the request for %{URL}.
No Passwords present for this category.
Human-readable description such as “HP LaserJet with Duplexer”
It is also celebrated by Shikha, Buddha and Jain family.
Error reading mail file: %s
My mother carefully opened the door,
The Philippines of today has almost the same economy
Remove Tag “%s” From Photos
Others can make their own choices . ”
In the last five years,
The style of paint is very excellent
These must be in odd numbers .
Mumbai is the birthplace of the Indian movie industry.
Only a beginning had been made in civil aviation .
Google Talk Home Name 2
how we manipulate these objects,
New upcoming image's face (1969)
%s: ASSERT: Invalid option: %d
He felt a calm light shining inside him .
Lipikaar:most famous order to type in hindi
How to set up HACCP for your business
Detached %.2f seconds at t=%.2f
at what has happened in their country?
Select the continent or region to which your location belongs.
A brief history of Ubuntu
and in a way, they are.
showed them how to use the mouse.”
And I decided that I would try
Failed to find real device node for %s: %s
Child poverty trebled between 1979 and 1995.
Sorry, but pattern %s could not be deleted.
The sermon at Sarnath was only the beginning .
He is the soul of the entire universe.
“First time I smiled doing a derivative.”
But he said to me :
It was a lot like the Stirling Engine:
and survive in hurricane winds.
Whether this tag affects the background stipple
And then … how different we are !
<b>%s</b> requests your free/busy information.
The shores are from a different location.
So what I want to show you next
Amount of volume group to use for guided partitioning:
Let 's call this piece musings from Goa .
Both the partners experience the pleasing.
A has made over a hundred runs .
Bruno Giussani: Rory, you mentioned Libya at the end.
Return to the menu to set the bootable flag?
peolple are very much fond of this festival.
It is clear enough now .
and I'm one of them.”
“%s” is not a valid zoom factor
Kripacharya: Brahmin teacher of Hastinapur
Social Democratic Party of Austria
Directorate General of Civil Aviation (India)
Skandhagupta [Google Book, Author - Jai Shanker Prasad]
services offered to people from minority groups;
Let's pick a bit of data from
American Lung Association of New England on quality of air
and paint the physical world with that digital information?”
Create a new folder containing the selected items
That 's real progress .
{0} came online in the network {1}
Bombay Stock Exchange is one of Asia's oldest stock exchanges.
Create the alternate database for profiles
When you meet someone here at TED -
is lean into the discomfort of the work.
Indian Audits and Accounts Service
Start in minimal view mode
We heard a lot about technology this week,
Now, if you notice that the first follower
When writers write , whom do they write for ?
Ask other mums and dads (including your own) for tips.
I'm going to talk about four different levels
The IME of Hindi writer.
The absence of alternatives clears the mind marvelously.
The floors and ceilings are poorly finished .
Error: Device '%s' is not a WiFi device.
We shall give only two illustrations .
Dim screen to save power
Decline of Buddhism in India
There's this absolute concentration of being,
Cannot create MAPI address book in offline mode
which means that the media are covering only six countries.
A Spotify Premium account is required.
This is the biggest state of India.
and we asked this woman,
Knight Rider (1982 TV series)
{0} left the network {1}
They sell 1.5 billion servings
Allow %{PRODUCT_FRAME_NAME} to handle the listed content types
We are no more being equated with Pakistan .
Three kids - that was three students -
The shepherd said nothing .
No. Have you ever been to Prague ?
They still live among us .
You first visited this site on %{VISITDATE}.
all over the United States.
The Evolution tasks have quit unexpectedly.
This fort is a living example of Mughal architecture.
Ganesh Chathurti(festival) is celebrates with pomp & happiness in Mumbai.
Birla Institute of Technology Mesra
When the opposition party decided
Default width of the subscribe dialog.
The superstructure of the main vimana is now lost .
Cannot unsubscribe MAPI folders in offline mode
Back up notes with “My Backup Pro”.
is, when you scale things down,
They have a complicated, but shared common history.
but more about that later.
Be firm , consistent and caring , but disapproving .
that it's okay to have feelings and emotions,
aside this is shajhahans burial chamber
Crime doubled between 1980 and 1995 .
So once again, using technology, not just flipping the classroom,
Choose a password to keep your account safe.
IP Addresses will be logged
Stay calm. <s> If the person is drowsy or unconscious:
We had a big show in Prague.
When the power button is pressed:
Integer %ld must be positive
Encrypt and sign file with default key
There in no lack of art lovers over here.
A single child in front of a single computer
between Harlem and the Bronx.
I didn't know what was meat, what was vegetarian;
Media, the media landscape that we knew,
It is always worth shopping around .
Row inserted at the end of the table.
Want to <a target=“_blank” href=“$1”>%{BEGIN_LINK}browse the gallery</a>%{END_LINK} instead?
If you or parner get income support or family credit.
Where should I go for advice? 4
If you delete a network, it will be permanently lost.
The main dictionary of English and various languages.
And I got back and looked at that teacher edition.
It must be the same.
- Ray Charles, American pianist and singer
And you know what happened.
by creating an absurd proposition.
National Stock Exchange of India
In year 1932 , Subhashbabu was jailed again.
Many beings give birth to both of them like fishes.
Deepavali comes the next day.
Should he go away ?
even though I follow them half the time,
Lady Shri Ram College for Women
Most insects are , however , orphans at birth .
and encourage them to do the same.
- output files at <location>
building an ambulance service in Bombay
Downloading language packs (${TIME} remaining)...
Did you mean to go to %{SITE}?
Whether tooltips should be shown on widgets
Some will need a visa to enter this country .
Rama requested to ocean for giving a way.
And what you see, for example,
So it's a small tablet, has many holes in it,
How can become an organ donator?
when we designed the delivery systems.
Fairs begins at many places in India on Diwali day.
The destination folder is inside the source folder.
not knowing what was what and what was next.
Phone no: 0114 259 3322
and figures out what commands to send to the motors
General settings for audio output modules.
Configure spell-checking, signatures, and the message composer here
No value set for '%s/title'
It slowly improved to Rs 10.6 crores in 1938 .
- St. Clement of Alexandra
The email you used is not valid. Please try again.
The portal tower is worked on by calligrapher.
” We had severe water shortage in May 1998 .
VLC could not open the decoder module.
- 115.117.166.110 17:50, 12 May 2010(UTC) part lesson invest here.
Its interface is available in Hindi also.
Christianity, Islam, Buddhism, Judaism, whatever.
On a low income ?
Hazrat Mohammad (Sall.) was the last link in this chain.
I felt like I was stuck in a rut,
Jan samachar:newpaper related to indian village people
Key combination for the custom action
to learn how to spell a number of words
Sorry, failed to load Vamp Plug-in.
So now the sound of the touch
Click and drag to move a track in time
The item could not be deleted because permission was denied
It is now with the standing committee of Parliament .
Format the volume associated with this folder
After a while they saw him again .
Sex is man's basic needs
and look a little longer,
“You weren't there, don't start.”
Then, while jogging with my dog one morning,
It's funny, when you walk,
Who gossips with you will gossip of you.
♫ Strolling along in Central Park ♫
University of Texas at Arlington
He thumped his clenched fist on his knee .
because every roof which you see in this picture
so that we can take runoff
This computer has only %s disk space remaining.
Time the timer was started
Or do I have something wrong with the equipment?”
Human contracted itself blind, malignant.
The file to write the log to.
Please download Hamachi and follow the installation instructions.
and I said, in nine months, a group of children
Caution low battery, %s remaining
But I wouldn't change my experience.
you need to take them out of online directories,
They joined the Communist Party , after their release .
Stephanie Monk <s> Professor George Bain (Chairman)
not just that religion is wrong,
Now in order for us to really chew on information
It's analyzing trends. It's predicting the future.
The political parties in Pakistan
Funeral songs are also sung everywhere in Himachal .
Yet it still threatened a renewal of civil disobedience .
And what a perfect place to do that, TED.
You are now connected to the mobile broadband network.
and then the fact those men went,
Cannot find matching event in the previous %d year
That the ministry has been bypassed is evident .
being the first table to get called up
Roy also held the same view .
Sign in to Chrome with %{USER_EMAIL_ADDRESS}?
From National Geographic presents in Public Interest
External actors can only present to you an opportunity.
is that they were philosophizing
using Indian comic books called amar chitra kathas
salaries of judges and examiners
because when you win, the exhilaration of victory
and to reconnect in a way
and the drafting class, and the art class.
All further errors shown only on terminal.
You have the right to :
he said something very interesting.
Schema '%s' is not relocatable (path must not be specified)
Minimum notify period for repeated warnings
The laptop lid has been re-opened
Saleti : all facilities enriched, online, devnagiri-able(WYSWYG)
Installed packages that are up-to-date
we saw economic despair, deprivation.
It was the origin of the Xerox copier,
Emerging from Amarkantak Hillocks, Sone river meets Ganga near Patna
Satyajit ray made films on his two stories.
But, the whole point is that India
He through Bengal literature gave life to indian culture.
And he couldn't travel, so I went over there.
but one thing I didn't mention was
Open &Image in New Tab
a simple thing and a complicated thing,
Not allowed to use restricted network port
and reconnect with friends and acquaintances
Could not add a bookmark
Hourly Average Ozone (g µ/cub.m)
These can be serious or even fatal diseases .
What exactly is HACCP ?
Listening, understanding and being moved by a piece by Chopin.
making it very dark and ominous standing under them.
And by the way, that coffee,
Hamachi version {0} is obsolete
This program is licensed under the GPL.
I don ' t want anything for myself .
Ignored, for compat with GTestDbus
The record of highest runs in the Test Cricket.
For at least his work has some meaning .
<big><b>Cool! Your system is clean!</b></big>
to print a child's drawing of Micky Mouse
They said, “These two grandmothers ... ”
Lists of people from India by state
when we're involved in conflict,
It's actually half the diameter.
How can I get a council home? 6
Eat plenty of vegetables , and salads .
Check with your local authority for details in your area.
higher-functioning at times than others.
Where can you get help and advice?
Click here to close the current window
There is now a kind of sleep deprivation
embracing your inner three year-old
Helping consumers to get redress
I really couldn ' t say .
So I just figured that out earlier.
and they have “story algorithms” -
But having said that, there is an enormous desire
And I'm an IDP, an internally displaced person,
None of those countries, including Africa's most successful nation, Botswana,
The screensaver has been active for %d second.
The actor's position on the Z axis
Always blind carbon-copy (bcc) to:
We're being critical of the West,
Could not access Active Directory
Afghanistan is situated in the North-West border ofIndia.
that you cannot selectively numb emotion.
I hope to become a vet when I grow up
There's an axle here, of 30, 40 kg,
When he reaches the other wicket, a run is complete.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
And again, we have no way of knowing,
Average no. of files per respondent
and stays at the forefront
Width of process 'Status' column
The English Government had given him the honorary Rao Bahaddur|
Copyright (C) 2007-2009 Gwibber Team
Draw CPU chart as stacked area chart
The government thought that this is a very
This aboriginal Hind-European language has a lot of connection.
URL that provides proxy configuration values.
After some argument boat-driver left them across Ganga river.
the 10 years of sanctions,
Dhrudharashtra and Ghandhari's eldest among their 200 sons.
Please plug in or turn on your Wacom tablet
Search wrapped back to the top
Error launching host dialog: %s
A debate orra ' motion passes through four stages :
You have just inserted a Video DVD.
WHY WORK WITH CHILDREN ? 5
Maha devi- receiving Nobel prize from Magrette Thacher
Finally, Shri Ram killed King Ravana and restored Dharma.
for swearing, awkward silences, and very simple rhyme schemes.
Can not wait for thread termination
and we've lost the sense
before I started my 30-day challenges.
Repeat the contents rather than scaling them vertically
Indian Institute of Technology Ropar
But I want you for another purpose.
These arrhythmias can be serious .
Could not load user interface file: %s
the number of slogas in Skanda puran is 81,000
A sea of mud !
Then he set forth in search of truth .
Could not delete network “{0}”
The browser was shut down before the download completed.
Unable to open filelist: %1%
Failed to get data from the clipboard
Failed to delete the software RAID device
like, you know, shoes, leather belts,
In 1972 , Indira disregarded advice to avoid elections .
Adjust conversion based on previous input
Ready to read strip %s
Anunaad - Online Newspaper for Chorichora dot com
Do you really want to delete this store?
from the question of politics.
ram started his journey& reached sharbhang muni
And actually in many ways, they're worse than useless,
Click here to go to URL
as we explore our talents
does not make it vacuous.
What we should have done in Libya
They go out and test it against the evidence.
Watch library directory for new files
IN THE BIGNING SOORDAS WAS LIVED NEAR GAUGHAT OF AGRA
STILL NOT SURE ? 26
Without notes , without palm-leaf scripts , Ramalinga spoke .
then you will put less emphasis
people also is very focused on this issue
They can disappear and escape bullets.
What do older children do in the literacy hour ?
We are a global organization. This is a global phenomenon.
as well as less educated Americans,
Those are ideas which have been accepted
today we shall by fire
I am concerned with matters of consequence .
Who can face will survive
is so intensely focused on verbal information
So as I look around this room
Move the selected file out of the trash to “%s”
he'd come to me crying,
Nairu, Christoff,Ad.Understanding the Mobile: Epistemology on worldwide spread.
Many Many books in Sankrit, in Devanagari
This is light over density, pulls the material around in.
almost exactly a year ago. This is Seadragon,
You can sleep in clean sheets.
Satyajit Ray Film and Television Institute
And the Afghan soldier was so surprised to see me
Display notification when a member joins
Some was owned by Muslims , others .
Start Haguichi minimized in the notification area
So how does it happen?
He took out one of the stones .
I was talking about social justice,
” That day I really cried .
Allow users to cancel any job (not just their own)
So - (Laughter) - so cool!
So when we numb those,
Karmahed devotion, caste distinctions, knowledge of yoga is best
List of Chief Ministers of West Bengal
Type here to test settings
Unable to start web browser to open %s.
that people want to run for a better future.
She goes village to village doing screenings.
Es or the Chaqui well, PC World Khay
If extra debugging messages should be used
” Then he comes to his third ideal .
and the existence of low self-esteem.
Piercing of fish by Arjun in the Panchal Assembly
This is sweet and full of juices
at making the invisible visible.
In 1939 the annual congress meeting was held in Tripuri.
And when my dad tells the story, he says,
Now Edward de Bono argued
CharBhag- Wonder-full view of Tajmahal from garden of heaven
Don't hit; don't bite; don't swear.
Sachin again became 'Number One'
Barak Hussain Obama(Born:4 August,1961)america's 44th president.
Just you and me .
I love mythology too much.
God is the closest to a person.
Each experiment must be repeatable .
Failed to unregister DDE server '%s'
audio element playback controls and status display
Abu-alfath Albusti -LRB- p . 17 -RRB- .
Network is unreachable from SOCKS server
50 percent goes in their toy account.
When we did the wall, we did the Palestinian side.
Press $1%{SEARCH_KEY} to send commands to $2%{EXTENSION_NAME}
Technology during World War II
The law sets out some of your rights.
Sugar is the main cause of tooth decay .
He scored 12891 runs as opener.
Could not build media list via libvirt: %s
Impossible to get permissions for file '%s'
due to them only rajasthan came in the formation
Multiplication and division memory game
And if you look at the 36 countries
Fax no : 0114 259 3707
Log into session with fingerprint
Exporting selected audio with VBR quality %s
It does not appear to be a valid ISO image
And suddenly all these tiny, little worlds,
Dharti Ka Veer Yodha Prithviraj Chauhan
Display notification when the connection is lost
who encourage them, I see a promising future
will not work in India.
The Government wants consumers to have a powerful voice .
as her primary source material.
The filter used when reducing the size of the content
Mike Matas: And so throughout the whole book,
But because of them, first engineering college was created
2007 Western & Southern Financial Group Masters and Women's Open
She works for a very big company,
Every living organism has to die .
having some sympathetic people around you
Nowadays die Hindus also visit Kashmir .
that was inspired by that wildscape.
Somebody was talking yesterday about Maslowian hierarchy.
After all , he had all his money .
Install (OEM mode, for manufacturers only)
intimacy.Depth of entry.Mobility of entry
The behavior mode to use in editing mode
What we did was expose American babies during this period
Just simply using the tactile sensors on the feet,
They were two lifetimes of the same hero.
Egypt, for 30 years, had been in a downhill -
Comeback as actor & producer 1996-1999.
What about the origins of agriculture?
totaling almost 56 billion dollars.
have huge impacts with how we metabolize drugs
Create a Filter Rule for Subject...
Now, I like in an audience, in Britain especially,
and she said, “But, Aimee, that's not fair.”
to check how much my flight has been delayed,
%d package will be held back and not upgraded
After Forward Block is automatically made a independent party.
How to pause or stop a game.
I'm going to vote for this bill.”
for the first time in over 50 years
Install (OEM mode, for manufacturers only)
This swallows the bridge and knocks it down.
Ramalinga is a unique exception .
And I'm like, knock discomfort upside the head
who still feel their past in the wind,
You feel deep, deep guilt.
Drivers to include in the initrd:
They were about fifty .
whether it's a bailout, an oil spill,
dollars a year in a country,
In difficult circumstance it is not necessary to observe Roza
You have already given proxy permissions to this user.
%s: %s of free space
china , name of history
List of Presidents of Indonesia
and then the bristles that we saw above,
I was like, “What does that mean?”
It ' s here inside me all the time .
Whether to ask for confirmation when closing terminal windows
first writing, then audio recording
Use up and down to select an item.
PRODUCED METHANE FROM DIGESTION AND EMITTED BY ANIMAL LIKE CATTLE.
Uttar Pradesh legislative assembly election, 2007
I didn't really want a paper route,
Error creating virtual machine clone '%s': %s
from primary school through graduate school.
Could not locate file '%s'.
“The new is better than the old.”
And if we can resist
You can improve the MusicBrainz database by adding this album.
We started getting song and dance in Indian cricket.
which are the mechanically ventilated air,
Any loss of earnings you have suffered .
Melodies and tones have been beautifully utilized in Krishna's poetry.
I was like, that sounds totally fake.
Well, if we're going to speed up the progress
View these too: The cities in India
This Delhi was the seventh Muslim town.
Automatically &fit tracks vertically zoomed
Sita's parents, Janak and Sunayana also reached Chitrakoot.
came from a 2010 Wayne State University research project
After the conference Subhashbabu is vary tray for compromise.
Gever Tulley: Thank you. It's been a great pleasure.
Record audio CDs from playlists and duplicate audio CDs
Here's how the game is played: there are two players;
Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology Allahabad
Madan Mohan Malaviya Engineering College
Plan your work and work your plan.
“Ha, I'm the only person I ever loved.”
The population density is 126 persons per sq.Km.
Rotate the photos right (press Ctrl to rotate left)
so they fly only by flapping their wings.
New Tab - Most Visited
Always allow %{HOST} to access your microphone
OK, the gentleman on the left is saying, “Screw you,
if you just take one thing away.
Configure the home page URL
and sometimes ' What if am old'
So if I were to ask you,
This page is accessing your microphone.
Correct English <-> Hindi dictionary - detail
People lost all interest in life and property .
His martyrdom was remembered across the nation.
Brahma Kumaris World Spiritual University
One sister who makes other people's wishes come true.
In India there is rain primarily because of mansoon winds.
Graphical console not configured for guest
a little bit above 30 percent.
We look at where the emissions are coming from -
After all , they're our future .
List of US Open men's singles champions
All proud and hatred will be removed.
Similarly today in the West
And this is really what has to be changed.
Sidebar image for the assistant page
Central Time - Campeche, Yucatan
(*MARK) must have an argument
who saw this app and realized
The pool is the central feature in this area .
the signals came into her mind .
Cannot open maildir directory path: %s: %s
Wrong PUK code; please contact your provider.
Compiled with Valgrind support: no
Composing matter is transformed to the one browser or desktop.
A recent study by the World Bank
And you know what? It's just the beginning.
NAtional Geographic - Shortwave presentation
The height of the canvas
But that alone doesn't give us the road map.
On the other side of ocean Ram arranged his troops.
for anything new that we do creatively.
All of a sudden, nine percent just goes away,
{player} got kicked by creator
Now, when I talked about this with Kevin Kelly,
Unable to rename desktop icon
Sanskrit is the world's prperitary and perfect language.
how a drug you might take for your blood pressure
whose aim is - propaganda of Veda
like when you reverse a sticker.
decided that they were going to let it go.
headquarter of youtube is in san bruno.
%H hours, %M minutes and %S seconds.
Redo the last undone action
He could always go back to being a shepherd .
And she called, and she said,
” But in reality force is force .
Underworld: Rise of the Lycans
Could not remove the source folder.
List of airports in India
Display the File Roller Manual
Sync the following items automatically:
Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period
raw sewage and the garbage alongside the little homes.
which is an educational impossibility under the circumstances.
and you keep cutting it.
where the telephone has become an instrument of empowerment,
to learn five letters of the alphabet
and then it was a new pattern of policing.
Automatic A (5 GHz) B/G (2.4 GHz)
“ That ' s right . ”
and it'll cool it down to just above freezing,
A little sunshine is all that he needs … ”
are all treated like thieves
that us, as a successful species on the planet -
Comes within the power of Parliament to amend
into the familiar form of a teddy bear,
having mobile telephones during the Taliban
Fax no : 0114 259 4775
Display notification when a member leaves
objects cannot have XML Text Nodes
they would still be in power today.
we share audio, we share video.
The British , French and Portuguese left after Independence .
Her name was Esther .
And the reason it's a losing battle
human being's knowledge has to be above all the time
they're confronted with lots of stuff,
20 years back the political slogan was, “Roti, kapada, makaan,”
Later , 300-600 TPD units emerged .
Goodnight Desdemona (Good Morning Juliet)
♫ The flies are the size of your head ♫
you are a lone parent
No plugins found in %d second; giving up..
Seems like the crash course really helped .
Cannot import. An error occured.
so we can handle a few more.
After the sacrifice he worships his master .
and then clinical trials, which you might call human testing,
Purpose of the text field
Shree Ramcharit Manas- Aranya Kaand
You know, my science teacher was not an accredited teacher.
Oh , you - tradesman ! ”
The Viceroy sent a negative and unfriendly reply .
His actual name was Narendranath Datta.
Chromium is now importing Favorites/Bookmarks.
Mark the selected task as to be done
Could you make them wiser ?
are diagnosed solely on the basis
So here's the first punch line.
solved everything in 20 minutes.
we had a set of encyclopedias at my house.
Over is union or group of six balls .
But with the others I have not been successful .
I told you that the statistics of the world
and dissect some lessons from it.
at the University of Clermont-Ferrand in France,
In Iran also Islam had an easy victory .
and this audience who bought into you.
“Look, do you see that?
Always allow these plug-ins on %{HOST}
Business Team 1 -LRB- Employers D-G -RRB-
There is no path .
Tv-out in fullscreen by Nvidia (PAL)
that the Indus script does not represent language.
Failed to login into the server
you don't support the terrorists.
The potential is basically to change the game.
OpenGL acceleration is not supported on your Mac
Netaji Subhash : Continuous search of truth
Search range for time-based searching in years
These were all undetected by normal thresholds
Add files to the archive
the condition of the house was very bad.
Want to help improve Chrome Remote Desktop?
The insect in flight literally hangs in mid air !
Key file contains unsupported encoding '%s'
to the bottom, to the edge of the Wakhan Corridor.
heard his cries of pain,
there is roadside bombs. Currently you send these
Close tabs to the right
So each pygmy has its own behavior, psyche,
Replace my local note with the server's update.
though we do share the same public spaces.
If you delete a network, it will be permanently lost.
Style of bevel around the toolbar
When you eat healthier, manage stress, exercise and love more,
Who will inspect your business ?
But that 's just one part of the assessment .
Make me another . ”
If the answer is no, please go to question 10
And it would only be the second disease ever
and let them do something together.
who are working hard every day,
You can probably think of other examples .
each local government is organized like the central government -
A colleague said to me one time,
There were no visitors allowed,
C3 Envelope, 324 x 458 mm
Vertical alignment for the actor inside the layout manager
We are literally re-inventing the wheel here.
And look what they did with our beautiful, nice,
We've invested about 20 million dollars in 20 different enterprises,
It has also been built with marbles and sandstones.
IDE%s slave, partition #%s (%s)
you have position, derivative, velocity,
1.09.1939 Fateful scenes of war
sursagar has described about sri Krishna's child roles
It's about how many shining eyes I have around me.
to the most marginalized children.
from a classroom or a boardroom
Paul could hear his hard , hissing breath .
Blood pressure increases during stress, irritation, fright or physical activity.
When you're in poverty, everything is about survival.
which is sadly very common,
I'm a product of this
Theme deleted succesfully. Please select another theme.
and try to work their way around
She assumed that I did not know how
Evidently , India is made of sterner stuff .
overland through southeastern Tibet to Lhasa
Expectation is the root of all heartache.
This setting is managed by an extension.
We now have a culture of distraction.
Disables GData over Cellular connections
is how much they earn per day.
Sheikh Abdullah was convicted on 10th September , 1946 .
There's a movement going on right now
The mode of the value indicator displayed by the bar
And so here was this lesson again - leadership matters.
Number of undo levels for the buffer
and this is the most important reason
Ek Doosre Se Karte Hain Pyaar Hum
Exhausted all available authentication mechanisms (tried: %s) (available: %s)
Include all networks created by this client
We can also offer advice on career direction and training.
The index of the page number to show by default
Each of the girls that I have rescued -
Sorry, print preview needs a printer to be installed.
Set the row to use as dynamic column headers.
But we need to support
I got to look. You got to look.
Salaam-e-Ishq: A Tribute to Love
The verses of Khuran in Hindi.
I had somebody from an NGO
of kids being so much better than adults.
that the Indus civilization is perhaps also Dravidian.
the Kuchipudi dancer, the Bharatanatyam dancer,
Now I'm not a lawyer,
He was fond of Hindu religion.
The CBI spoiled the party .
Click here to save the current window
And I had this captured market. You didn't need contracts.
Muslim conquest in the Indian subcontinent
you're humanizing the classroom, I'd argue,
Old-fashioned orientalism comes into play here.
employing about 15,000 people in Africa.
And that's the sad part.
and girls would be dolled up to get married.
'0000' (most headsets, mice and GPS devices)
But their body language is great.
I was afraid of womanhood.
I'll go back, they'll get another zero.
because you're too close to death's door
And the people who provide those capabilities to us -
Pointer to local file (%s)
I didn't want to pity myself, nor to be pitied,
In Quran, god's 25 different Nabia has been described.
Foreign companies were consulted .
Whether to display the right margin
He said, “Yes, ma'am, I can do better.”
I was eating too much, I was drinking too much,
The economic reform was only in its infancy then .
: file does not exist!
Mahadevi is a cautious maker.
and finally she came back and said,
Width of process 'CPU time' column
Taj mahal is an best example of mughalai Atrs
Window manager “%s” has not registered a configuration tool
to be able to transform foods.
“I guess something has coevolved with this.”
Automatically select client certificates for these sites
Keep default keyboard options (${XKBOPTIONS})?
Cannot get message %s from folder %s %s
In the fight Ram destroyed Khur-Dushan and his army.
Look at what she has done.
You're going to send them to me.
You have certificates from these organizations that identify you:
To run away home !
And that's quite a thought.
The parent folder is not allowed to contain subfolders
Certain living beings produce both together, for example some fishes.
and actually quite a dangerous one
Abbasi Kingdom weaken slowly politically.
and the people who really struggle for it.
There are two essentials of good bowlinglength and direction .
but I think it's important because it sets a tone
The cover is open on printer '%s'.
So after that, what I did,
Phrases and snippets taken out of context
The runners of their sleds were originally made of fish
one absolute being by definition,
Distributed under the GPL v3 license.
{0} joined the network {1} and {2} other network
Filter music display by genre, artist, album, or title
Diwali is a lot of people exaltation
We've gotten good at predicting and preparing for storms
Which of these hypotheses can be true?
same religion. Huge difference. Even between neighbors.
OSL query failed to open
And what they have to do
like heating, cooling etc. -
Bairam khan was dismissed which had its effect till 1950
Swami Vivekananda was only twenty-three when his master died .
The default font family used to display monospace text.
Coronary heart disease and stroke ;
They were distraught , searching for answers .
Are you sure you want to delete this journal?
is no good at creating groups.
The eight larger cave-temples fall into two groups .
I mean this is serious.
Generally Hyderabadi food is not counted among these|
Learning to Read and Write at Home and at School
With Firefox Hindi spell check search add on
But she made no answer .
All three of the founders of Netscape had it.
guess what the Walker virus does.
All art is autobiographical. The pearl is the oyster's autobiography.
Failed to update object '%s': %s
Third opinion was not accepted by religious text.
Detecting the reference patches and measuring them.
Whether text areas are resizable.
English to Hindi dictionary in P.D.F format
The size of icons in default toolbars.
The specified process ID does not belong to a program.
Debian does not provide critical updates for %s
Mix and match artwork to generate anime characters
The selected configuration for displays could not be applied
‘%s' is not a valid netmask.
getting a new political leader elected -
Find next occurrence of the search string
I mean most imaginative use ever.
according to them Ali Rajhi was the first Imam.
Error: You have to enter a question code.
Main statement: The detailed story of Mahaharat.
Besides being complicated the scheme begs some basic questions .
Can't handle version %d of GFileIcon encoding
Deleting old token and response tables leftover from deactivation
who really have a sense of worthiness -
He closed the door softly and ran back home .
this is in a Rajasthan village,
That's the role of the third side,
The best of here in the emerging economies -
There are status messages associated with this queue.
in the same kind of detail
than just how much light you receive overall.
facility of complete Mahabharat download is also given
In India, two main linguistic races Aryans and Dravidians originated.
I would never have occurred to me to think
People in that group realized
in a way that even chocolate -
Choose the action from the context menu of the package.
But for every disaster we had,
- Vincent van Gogh (1853-1890), Dutch Artist
Network configuration failed to be parsed: %{PARSE_ERROR_MESSAGE}
Partial character sequence at end of input
Indian Institute of Technology Roorkee
Quassel IRC is mainly developed by:
X position of window on screen according to X11
would be about 250 million.
So, it's a wheel-leg hybrid robot.
Florida , for instance , contributes 25 electors .
our country would change so much!
You have run out of space in Google Drive
Show visual effects when playing an audio only file.
In September 1916 Tagore sailed for Seattle .
you find that you can actually cut transportation emissions
So, as I was saying...
Gita Tatva Vivechan- Jayadayal Goenka
That's all I have. Thank you.
Know what to look and feel for
so in my day job,
Free milk for disabled children
Mr. Vagish Shastri has bestowed scientific nature to Sanskrit Grammar.
I went to see a Dozo chief.
Sita Swayamvar(custom of choosing husband by bride herself)(Artist: Raviverma)
the fabric, parachute and everything - on the ice
a rather astonishing demonstration of the ability of the mind
and we wanted to see if children are doing experiments.
Dhuryodhan: The senior most among Gauravas.
The official view is quite stern .
Use - and = keys to page a candidate list
Failed to delete resource “{0}”.
Well actually, I hope for a while longer yet.
W B Yeats and Occultism (1968)
but we do need it
Looking for other operating systems...
was a field of sunflowers growing seven feet tall.
We owe it to the Janes of the world.
Why the sky should be made wet by weeping,
You can tell by the glasses there.
Marathi film industry is also in Mumbai.
Income-based Jobseeker 's Allowance ?
in a rich and diverse and plural civilization,
Most Centres have access for visitors who are disabled.
Urination and passing of dung are temporarily stopped .
That is why I think all of you
During his public life Subhashbabu went 11 times to jail.
anyone can make a world-class napkin at your dining hall.
Are you sure you want to delete this condition?
What was its secret ?
The urine is the only way for both Eyre ejaculation
Evolution folder settings configuration control
and I've spent these seven years since
the path of a list must end with ':/'
Found %d user, but showing only first %d
with which we need to engage.
oh, and a Gulfstream jet, too.
every place that I went to to see these telescopes,
It was written in Urdu , and reads :
“ Why are you called the alchemist ? ”
Device for boot loader installation:
lipic.in-the best method to type in Hindi.
What we have here in the background
Starting a new login only works correctly on the console.
Do not extract older files
She-buffaloes are heavy milk-yielders .
They mobilized the whole community of Le Barón
that was detected by the radar stations of Great Britain.
on a global, massive scale possible,
that was happening in the world,
To his left is his student. She's six.
She broke through and dashed into the deserted workshop .
Set the specific device to calibrate
and that's how you make a movement.
about whatever is on that particular page.
Determining the Age of a Horse
But their number increased rapidly since .
They say that Shiva is fond of the Veda ,
and three sleep on the mud and linoleum floor.
If they are stuck , first :
But also the earning potential of these children
Preparing for first enterprise login...
Is it something about the details
set for the rest of your life.
Thank you. Thank you very much. (Applause)
many main muslims people decided him as his sardar
that the increase in development aid
Department of Ayurveda, Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homoeopathy
Copyright 2013 Google Inc. All rights reserved.
acknowledge your comments, suggestions and complaints within two working days;
but it also saw a positive side.
Here's an insight that I've had about success.
and then you remove the blindfold.
until they get technologically boring.
Their head office is in Mountain View, California.
He dragged at it in a frenzy .
It's indigenous to China and the Far East,
Nuclear Power Corporation of India
And at least until they're 23,
“ Ah ! <s> I am glad ! ”
Zoom factor “%g” is too small, using %g
But in Bombay the story was very different .
Perhaps he would come after all .
lots of smiling can actually make you healthier.
that the way to a more productive,
One or more programs are preventing the unmount operation.
but relegious conversations prove that name is important than shape
Unexpected request from GnuPG for '%s'
TRUE if print process may run asynchronous.
Krishna and Arjuna in war ground.
Could not retrieve messages to attach from {0}.
And the first people who saw that
We found her in a railway track,
has a program called Kids Design Glass,
Discuss the future of TuxTyping at
So very often, some kind of disaster -
Silly , isn ' t it ?
by a teacher or an adult.
47 . Can yoga cure diabetes ?
Make Friends with Their Friends
Sorry, unable to save custom emblem.
$1%{URL} wants to permanently store data on your local computer.
imagine the same thing happens on your plane -
These goats are very prolific .
Could not leave network “{0}”
as much as the anger part of it.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
and there was pies, lots and lots of pies.
What would she look like ?
in the areas that needed it most.
And that is what Sheikh Jahangir did.
This certificate has been verified for the following usages:
Obama's daughters name is Mitchel.
Blocked visit attempt to %{BEGIN_LINK}page%{END_LINK}.
Create a new virtual machine
This name is still in use in Portuguese.
Series: Major Newspapers of the World
Please enter your PIN code:
They frequently explore themes of globalization and urbanization,
Mr. Sampath - The Printer of Malgudi
introduces a number of new national standards ;
But how should we honor Feynman?
Uploading a video on YouTube.
Each team consists of eleven players
from a capillary bed in the heart.
It's a real pump. You could actually pop the balloon.
Starts a new game playing only verbal analogy games.
Error while getting mount info: %s
They provide proper information to people with drugs problems.
GL16 Help with your rent
The provider of support services should not change.
So we're very much a part of the solution
E-mail applications will be auto-acknowledged on the same day .
But China is a superstar
Failed to write file '%s': fsync() failed: %s
Changes to Look out for
And why was I fascinated?
A Ghana Airways pilot falls into the same predicament.
We have to engage with the machinery of government.
There are about 375 types of fishes .
Decryption is not supported by this cipher
The Canadian government in April of 1999
After ward shajagan renewed this fort red saint and stones.
We are drowning in news.
We'll wait for the slow ones. OK.
each had radically different ideas of what is fair.
Of all the voice-calling minutes in the world last year,
The following apps and extensions were added:
Preset '%s' does not exist.
If economics, if the market, drives security,
Color of the selection box
It took nature 100 million years
Puffed rice and tea are also taken
The old man laughed .
These settings may only be modified by the owner:
These islands should be in discipline of arji-hukumat-e-azad-hindi.
Wire.receive() has been renamed Wire.read().
A big lesson- big lesson
The prostitution had emperor's protection in soceity , that time.
And some of these patients played a video game
The internet should, in principle, facilitate mass education.
International Fund for Agricultural Development
More information is in Factsheet 2.
So there was no miracle in Agra .
it's a great picture of David Beckham
Use tighter layout in new windows
that we think about are insects,
Could not delete user group. No group selected.
you see three different structures being built by these robots.
If you made that decision in 1965,
how best we release their energies.
So we were inspired to create a project
Key echo set to word.
Use the unified output format (-u option)
we lose a child to hunger.
started sliding down very, very sharply, and people panicked.
But this has come as a great boon for them.
Try to find out something about the firm.
they come together in this complex web.
Failed to create a file system
- are aged 16 or 17, in some circumstances.
This calligraphy on the marble slab was fixed on it
He also had composed 'Ain-e-Akbari'.
So, no doubt, something fascinating was happening in December 1862,
and is as important to the well-being of the planet
and how could you recreate that magic?
The stocks in 1977-78 were around 1.25 million tonnes .
Dep intimate dynamics of entry
Could not delete network “{0}”
What to do with this device:
because otherwise it just looks wrong somehow.
Directory in which to save debug logs:
0 is default system settings
If you look at this picture,
A little Vivaldi in the background doesn't do any harm.
No active connection to install on.
Change the color settings of your video device
The length of vertical scroll arrows
Neither one wants to be the first one
Your turn to play ...
We have a big problem.
I'll show you an example of a bad idea.
Darwin actually cited a French neurologist, Guillaume Duchenne,
Devotional place an main role in this story
He completed his tour by waling pedestrian in mountains.
can't find user's HOME, using current directory.
And some of these models -
I was one of the fortunate few
who talked about absorption and refrigeration.
Create and simulate an electric schema
You are now connected to the GSM network.
Read options could not be created
So, the busiest streets closed down.
now you're ready for this next concept.
All the power comes from the sun.
to deal with the idea that professionals broadcast
it behooves us to transcend our differences
Change resolution and position of monitors and projectors
That ' s a bit better .
Amanat Khan from Shiraz, Iran - the chief calligrapher.
the number of slogas in Garuda puran is 19,000
Move forward from toolbars to tracks
Males are commonly used for heavy draught work .
The festival has special significance for the class of farmers
Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group
If set to true, then themes will be thumbnailed.
and eating anything that came in between.
But you couldn't; they were just too complicated.
Naaz-Hai-Hind (India is proud) Subhash
Prompt when sending messages with only Bcc recipients defined
that there's a new wave on the continent.
And that's where they do their experiments,
Borodin left Hankow on 27 July .
Apart from hearing sporadic gunfire, the day was pretty quiet.
Stay on that bicycle. Fall off that bicycle.
Fluoride toothpaste - use a pea-sized amount .
in spaces of cities around the world.
Whether the label is drawn with the selected font size
didn't know any English, didn't know what the Internet was.
that deliver affordable health, housing, energy, clean water
A memory game based on trains
When UPS power is critically low:
We need to be doing that.
Teachers open the door; you enter by yourself.
they are branded, they have a clear identity,
Islam believes in a single god.
The south end of this road is at Delhi Gate.
now four times smaller, and so forth.
Anesthetic wears off. The patient feels pain.
The signing certificate authority is not known
And he said, “Well, okay.”
It was took twelve years to built foundation and mausoleum.
And say, “These ones are good ones.”
your poems were published in different news papers and magazines.
because the penny has dropped.
Roti Ki Keemat (1990 film)
the good side of the illness.
Perhaps some of these states can be appropriately called
ERROR: could not create configuration directory %s
A friend came to see me last year -
Stop the download. You can always restart it later
Battle of the Ten Kings
Would you like to overwrite it?
%{PRODUCT_NAME} has blocked access to %{HOST_NAME} for now.
Object path to emit signal on
Create a new mail folder
because we don't think there were humans yet.
163 people across four separate tests -
Simple but extremely sweet tunes are thus played .
Really erase the data on ${DEVICE}?
The agreement might draw attention to these .
An error occurred while trying to set up sync.
that becomes very important: “chesed.”
You see the importance of that?
bringing change in dir pollutions
In the year 632 Hazarat Mohammad salallahu allaihi vasallam died.
in the DARPA Urban Challenge.
The specified path does not match this log entry:
Department for Employment and Learning
penis is available for creaters having breast
This sounds great. A lot of people agree.
that bud is a young one.
User %s not permitted to gain access at this time
And when they fail, a nation literally suffers.
The problem and why it matters
A political statement there ?
After that he took his Law degree from Cambridge university
Usage: gsettings [-schemadir SCHEMADIR] %s %s %s
Spare the Air Program (California)
You must claim Disability Living Allowance before your 65th birthday.
The oestral cycle in mares averages 21 days .
which is still very much a work in process.
Set a countdown by choosing a duration or a date.
Back up Evolution data and settings to an archive file
Unable to open spool folder
In the process we, the African people, have been sidelined
Run fb on current tty
National Library at Kolkata romanization
Failed to load RGB data from TIFF file
Fire flash before taking a picture
Gita's hardwork belief (Indian view)
You don't want to be the ham in the middle.
I want to know how to live,”
of big areas of the world.
Start time in 24h format
Wasn't dazzled at all by what was happening.
It was hard to believe
Rotate to the selected window while switching
Test and report system information
That is what Kanak Das has done.
And the primary policemen are women,
The Role of the Court
The old and new passwords are too similar.
The Internet gives us the many to many pattern.
The book Smnti is derived from the Veda .
to get a resolution on Syria,
The kiiling of Duruyodan by Bheemasena.
Use unrecommended JFS /boot file system?
of an Indian textile factory
Authorized website of Government of Uttar Pradesh
The state cannot be saved
The extraordinary profits were given away in dividends .
List of World Heritage Sites in the Americas
National Institute of Technology, Arunachal Pradesh
Could not start finger capture on '%s' device
Invalid window offset in LOF file.
I'd say my vision of happiness
Its arches are ornamented in calligraphy.
Always allow pop-ups from $1%{HOST}
<b>Settings of the serial port</b>
The GConf daemon is currently shutting down.
Japan attacked China in 1937.
Don't use history file. Disable interactive behavior. (Enables -silent)
But these clinics have treated
no, style is not the right word.
The location “%s” does not exist.
Narendra was in deep poverty.
Can I get help with the rent ?
But they couldn't get the results they wanted.
Just be who you are.
Check if KEY is writable
Authentication is required to access this file or stream.
with a bowl of popcorn within reach,
“is answering God's plea that we should be compassionate.
Now, he tries E again. That chord doesn't work.
Millions of craftsmen had been thrown out of employment .
SPECIAL BOOT PARAMETERS - INSTALLATION SYSTEM
Your rights and responsibilities - a checklist 5
List of districts of West Bengal
My wife, who is somewhere in the audience today,
the previous one, six seconds ago.
is there any cyst or hardness ?
However , no one may come out before midday .
Insect musicians Insects produce various kinds of sounds .
Kings Viraat and Drupad etc drowned in the Ocean (Drona)
later forward block on its own became a independent party.
Talaash: The Answer Lies Within
List of states and territories of India by area
that the world can learn from this?
Didn't really work out that way, did it.
forgetting that these people of the rainforest
Meter refresh rate per second [1-100]:
were happy to participate, but they weren't whale lovers.
Then we were victims of the PRI.
No.1 Your home and compulsory purchase
the same age Bruce Lee was when he died.
Every year lakhs of pilgrims comes to many temples.
Generally this words are used in proverbs and in scoldings.
Root login disallowed on display '%s'
in this gujarat's 1572 work was there
and then detect even the slightest abnormality
was a kind of patronizing, well-meaning, pity.
Almost like Gandhi redux in religion .
Were they coming for her ?
Flag that enables a much simplified user interface.
Failed to initialize the crypto engine.
Progressive Workers' and Farmers' Union
and told me she is not marrying nor having children
who would then become parts of the
Guided - resize ${PARTITION} and use freed space
The fragnance of my motherland would come.
that happened in Rio de Janeiro -
Forces the window manager to use maximize mode wherever possible.
We had two opaque boxes,
Democratic League/Movement for the Labour Party
An anonymous, faceless, nameless person
Could not publish calendar: Calendar backend no longer exists
But this is a crisis of, not natural resources,
Typing Tool of Hindi in Firefox
It is not necessary to keep Roza during helplessness.
And that means United States was richer,
“ A mad thing ? ”
unavailable - above location doesn't exist
You can hear animals yammer in the meadows.
She was a Jewess .
for your kids, or nephews, or cousins,
So we looked at the birds,
So I wrote at the top of the manila folder,
And as people walked into the room,
for a week because Taliban were suspicious.
History of science and technology in China
Maybe we should put them in different classes.”
I don't need to get emotionally attached to these things,
(this might take a few minutes)
because we have no options for her.
Finding the distribution to copy...
End of presentation. Click to exit.
Term of Office (or Incumbency period or tenure) in NASA
Error interpreting JPEG image file (%s)
Unheard facts about Bhaghat Singh(Sunday)
These include the oppressed people and women also.
we can bring about the prophecy of Isiah.
The Nepalese Royal in 1920
and her brother was eight, and the parents were lost.
Setup complete. Logging out now.
He is the absolute knowledge.
Could not load wired user interface.
with myBO.com was to convene their supporters
Border between text and frame. Overrides the inner-border style property
Mexican Pacific Time - Baja California away from US border
The 'BYTE' keyword is no longer supported.
And I was thinking about this, of all places,
This orchid, known as Darwin's orchid,
Those stones have been smuggled as three prayer beads
So what 's new ?
So I went looking for contacts in St. Petersburg.
what is being done in front of them.
Document ended unexpectedly while inside an attribute value
Whether to display line numbers
lack of freedom of speech,
toy / play | tool
So I was very excited about this.
More information about Hindi language and its literature.
called the DARPA Urban Challenge.
But sometimes I see this ingenious idea in there,
Please enter the nickname you want to use.
You can search from here with %{SEARCHENGINE}
How to Train Your Dragon (film)
but long enough to cover the subject.
Visibility of the downloads window
it is validly becoming the government of osmani.
retain more of that information
This new paper is published from Delhi and Mumbai.
Aged 18 to 24 ?
Boy, coudln't you just listen to that all day?
of his first day in Canada.
No stores available for this list
Microsoft Indic Language Input Tool(BETA)
just using normal 3G telephony to send that data
How do we collect in these diverse habitats ?
in a district like Los Altos,
This memo list will be removed permanently.
in different parts of the world,
<b>%s</b> through %s has published the following task:
Failed to create file “%s”: %s
as people use it, and whose benefits become greater
Get catalog %1 of %2
[Or perhaps they didn't own anything except for ...]
- make sure you understand the rules for JSA
are going to be different than the proposed effects.
Since Bala himself will be speaking at TED
Would you like you, it you met you?
Is hepatitis B vaccine safe ?
Ancient Roman units of measurement
It's just that it doesn't explain anything.
the lives of Iranian women.
Watch out for Indian citie
What would that actually mean
the tequila, the mariachis, the serenades,
And maybe they succeeded. Maybe they succeeded.
In Indonesia this religion's formal name is 'Hindu Agam'.
Kabir once said-“”I was born in Kashi,Ramanand awakened me.
Port number to use for SOCKS requests.
The reason - to Sangeeta Krishna Poetry
Without exaggeration , Thackeray is Mumbai 's first citizen .
Therefore he was given the name 'Ramta Ram'.
Flag of the Republic of China
For me, this became incredibly important.
How valid is the anti-Kabir Rudhie
There are 12 million blind children in our country -
Category : United States Of America
Debug logging was already enabled.
they can make that cooker.
Telescopes and figures , fantastic mathematical equations … ”
The file does not exist or isn't an audio track
India has survived that image in prehistoric sepia .
Where has all the aid gone?
The cure had to come from the Muslims themselves .
List of Indian timber trees
Courage, the original definition of courage
Keep icons sorted by search relevance in rows
So I replaced the metal armature
I think what we need to look at is
[%s:%u] Invalid sample rate '%s'.
Outlook Contacts CSV and Tab Importer
Such journalism is a curse to the country .
Business Team 1 (Employers D-G)
where the chances of a passing software development engineer
They're also totally out of sync
Delete all items in the Trash
In the '60s and '70s
Civil disorders - peace and security belongs to this
So over here, you can see
So it's more about capturing an idea
imagine bacteria helping us do this
You have just inserted a blank HD DVD.
Size of the palette in 8 bit mode
Blink icon in notification area.
libisofs reported an error while creating directory “%s”
The likelihood of developing breast cancer increases with age.
and so we've taken a playful take
which he patented in the late 1930s -
More than that, how do you convince people
He does deserve a lot of applause
Cannot get data of file to append to
Import tokens from LDAP query
we usually have on our facial muscles.
You are now connected to the wireless network '%s'.
Default horizontal alignment for the actors inside the layout manager
Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names.
They are sold in the name of organ trade.
So, the living give birth to the spirits.
Arrr! Something tried to commandeer your default search setting!
Path must end with a slash (/)
to so many millions of poor people.
so that we can recreate the spatial scene, at least,
“No, mama, you got to look.”
because of your old and backward ideas.”
The gain must be an integer
and I also thought about something
to be critical of the government
United States presidential election, 2008
what use do we have for a blind woman?
Have you or your partner :
The system also recognizes iconic gestures
This was written on 25 September .
POSIX collating elements are not supported
And I did my first “expo de rue,”
In the Second World War, too,
accomplished their mission. The Japanese government called off
on the roofs of Kabul
Area where notification icons appear
And then how did I deal with them?
A - to Nassiqicaran tone (not suitable in Sankrih)
is that the Chinese government
She looked up in surprise .
that if Congress was acting in their framework,
[ don't have access to electricity ]
I grew up on a university campus in eastern Nigeria.
Some more points on hindi language and literature.
He first wanted the entry in the Russian Embassy.
What exactly is HACCP ?
a piece of equipment in my mind,
Its main support is huge multi chamber structure.
Interactive shell in the installer environment
STLS not supported by server
Within a period of 60 days,
it could tie in to existing buildings -
Signs of the new penury abound:
Show maps in contact preview window
Vedas, and their sub parts.
even when they seem to be terrible.
Image to be blended onto
millions of people became literate.
Scanning the release updates repository...
Lock the door on the inside .
Wrap width for laying out items in a grid
refusal to give you information to which you are entitled
Copy %d item to '%s'
“ Why should we go and look for it ?
I'm asking you, in your limited world,
But it is a place
into a really remote village
Well, you see this space that's created by designers
Kabhi Khushi Kabhi Gham [2001]
If that is indeed true,
And she told me this, she said,
decide which pharmacy to use for your prescriptions;
color, culture, cuisine, custom and costume, consonant, for that matter,
9.The language used in Krishna Poem is Braj
on a transatlantic flight a couple of years ago,
The other are things like Zagat and Michelin restaurants,
This can excite your inner heart.
Or photos like these -
Show types of debugging messages
%s: Could not read Authentication Data
What should my council expect from me? 15
Will all schools have these agreements ?
so that those three days in Paris
“ Oh , him !
but you have an adverb for compassion.
hungry / eat | tired
Allow Evolution to update the file
Maximum allowed width of the column
Select name of the Evolution backup file to restore
A passphrase is required to access the volume
with everything is relative, sort of -
I speak only English, they speak only Italian,
In the last year alone,
They're sending genes into the brain.
The gutters text window type
Please download and install the latest Hamachi version.
Use %A for address and %N for nickname
Gear used for sick animals should be thoroughly disinfected .
As artificial intelligence evolves, so does his intelligence.
page selected from cursor position
Always clean your infant 's gums after feedings .
This will remove the saved search “%s”. Continue?
and focusing on celebrities and scandals.
This message was sent by <b>%s</b> on behalf of <b>%s</b>
Art should be one of the tools
In Canada, five boys drop out for every three girls.
or attempt a deadly escape.
The imagery of God is absolute being,
and something else happens instead.
It's what gives purpose and meaning to our lives.
%s does not support deleting remote resources
to what an insect might perceive.
What are the kind of jobs that we have today?
the liberalization of the telecommunications sector,
And you cannot understand the pain of Tibet
Leaflet BC1 from October 2000.
” Yes , or even search for treasure .
I've learned to respect the lightning.
to question {QUESTION}, answer {ANSWER}
Conflicting UIDs found in added contacts
Gambhan: Indian language word-corrector (WYSWYG) of Onkar Joshi
It doesn't divide by nine.
He said, “Here it is. I'm dead,
Some settings are managed by your administrator.
Always allow unsandboxed plug-ins on %{HOST}
in the national statistical agencies
He placed Urim and Thummim in the chest .
It must mean that the country
and then the balloon, the payload, is brought down.
And when you expand the box, the firing location expands.
to find the same health of the United States
But on average this region is dry.
which they hadn't really been for years and years.
have all got to assemble on the Ross Ice Shelf,
Aga Khan Trust for Culture
Check if upgrading to the latest devel release is possible
Bluetooth is disabled by hardware switch
Maine Gandhi Ko Nahin Mara
Aspect ratio “%s” is unknown
because if we can analyze it, learn from it,
No value available for '%s'
Technion - Israel Institute of Technology
Food Law Inspections and your business
They should not be bred earlier .
He got success in Italian Embassy.
Move '%s' back to '%s'
be a combination of these things allied to something else,
Contact on server changed -> not modifying
What are the dangers ?
A plugin to let you browse YouTube videos.
“Yeah. And you haven't been stopped?”
Human rights is the goal,
X position of child widget
And just admitting this -
Pick items directly in list
We have visions like this. We have visions like this.
for this reason the publishers became more difficult
All England Open Badminton Championships
To get started, import photos in any of these ways:
Programming error: could not find the device in the list
Position of the task preview pane when oriented vertically
Error fetching changes from the server.
There are others who feel they can't confront compassion anymore,
Printer Properties - '%s' on %s
Brotherhood and Unity in Politics
that could be created by things like cosmic rays,
Just us two and the wind .
(“What a friend we have in cheeses”)
National Assembly: They create the Committee of Public Safety,
on any channel at any time,
Notice that the fact that the concept of health
device, fifo or filename to write yuv frames too.
Allow roaming if home network is not available
Show parent/child relationship between processes
unexpectedly disconnected from the phone.
Deputy Prime Minister of India
What sort of an animal is this ?
prefer the company of guys -
And we're seeing it over and over and over again.
almost 50 percent of children
Sure-fire winners among them are few .
Have you or your partner :
Wait for the traffic to stop .
&Make a copy of uncompressed audio files before editing (safer)
The report belongs to a package that is not installed.
%s: Could not setup environment for %s. Aborting.
Switch to the Effects Selector
For further details see housing booklet Regulated Tenancies .
he assured to save bose, but didn't succeed.
what facial expressions you're making.
Don't go asking for a Frappuccino there.
{0} left the network {1} and {2} other network
There are big drawbacks in this Constitution.
Hypervisor only supports %d virtual CPUs.
and the children flocked there.
The style context to theme the icon appearance
And other things that can make it worse,
Factory for creating clock applets.
He sat down carefully beside her and waited .
Welcome to this new version of %s.
Could not flush saved state file '%s' to disk: %s
Everest, the goddess mother of the world.
for being great husbands, great mothers,
was making it very localized.
The directory is not empty
And the third side of the conflict is us,
and snake charmers with the Indian rope trick,
Please replace the disc with a rewritable disc holding data.
for the last 21 years,
Thick lesson == related part ==
We had all sorts of help
Empty Junk folders on exit
little, itty-bitty creatures called cells.
Housing Benefit and Council Tax Benefit see page 17.
While zoomed in, overlay scrollbars will be visible during scrolling.
He really has no idea
(Noise) with this cacophony going on
Contacts in Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland
Let's look at the development side.
Couldn't allocate memory for context buffer
because it's so dense and so hot, light can't escape.
Being a visual artist, indeed,
willing to let the world look at India,
Something like this is happening to Farooq Abdullah .
I had a thumb, I had $85,
Now, they call me the local Spiderman.
This is a sample message in a sample dialog
When can I be asked to leave?
Perhaps you saw the film,
and going into something else
Cleaning up unused directories in project data
This wars most important consperust is Adarah.
but she's prime minister in the evening.
Queen Noorjahan made the tomb of Ittemadulla.
Some believe that means that the original interpretation
error processing netlink message: %s
Scale Inquiries in Global Terrorism
To escape from house arrest Subhashbabu made a plan|
Laws are executed under the method of order of Parliament
Last self-test did not complete
Displays help as you browse the books on the left.
Here you can even listen to mythology
Install alongside other operating systems
other language styles were called quotes.
%s: Could not read address
Thus has militants become the press's default term for terrorists.
Move Focus to Next and Select
The signing certificate authority is not known.
%s requests your presence at the following meeting:
of which symbols tend to occur together
They are our brave comrades .
devoted to tracing how people fail.
Specifies the actor to be cloned
And when it takes the nectar,
number too big in {} quantifier
Are you sure you want to suspend the computer?
Will Union Law Minister Arun Jaitley please read it ?
Because the emphasis nowadays is so much
Because now she's picked up the Highway 285,
The world is fucked up.
%d coordinate expressions parsed in %g seconds (%g seconds average)
How long will it fly ?
But she knew nothing about that .
Pavaktha - News - Think Portal
Remove '%s' from the list of devices?
Please enter the nickname you want to use.
What do we know about the women
but every day offers us an opportunity to affect one.
BMC fulfills the water needs of the city.
Please restart Evolution for changes to take effect
as they listened to “ra” and “la” -
the cars stopped at the bathroom
I really feel one real regret.
even when he did what he did.
And here is that characteristic.
chiranji lal, Delhi 's lapidary, famous architect, spreaded this name.
Here's an example from Kevin Eggan's lab at Harvard.
Where I live , everything is very small .
And you see how the dark matter lumps up,
Their address is 30A High Street, Stone, Staffs ST15 8AW.
Start Haguichi minimized in the notification area
Software running on your computer is incompatible with Google Chrome.
Inzil was given to Isha.
He had an idea, a very clear idea.
Once again he hit back .
United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
Sign out then sign in again
Again, if you have lots and lots of robots,
Coat of arms of Manitoba
Why are home-school agreements important ?
What was the secret of this strength ?
In both individual and social form.
Let's see how we can do it with tissue engineering.
It was compared to the media in Rwanda
Reconnect automatically when the connection is lost
Failed to link new stream into GStreamer pipeline
And RASA stands for Receive,
where the element of loss is.
But if you said to them :
How have the anti-discrimination provisions been amended ?
Only the buyer has the statutory rights described earlier .
No idea what it is
which means women are not;
National Geographic Adventure (TV channel)
in order to live fully -
DoubleClick for Publishers by Google
Someone has cast a spell on my child ,
what if that could be an antidote to terrorism?
I will not dance to that beating.
that looks like two females
Save a screenshot to Pictures
you were told the fault ;
Cannot get message %s: %s
Drag and Drop the regions to redraw the whole country
Krishnavarta: Story of Lord SreeKrishna
Grab focus on objects when navigating
” Yes , a month . <s> Thirty minutes .
if you call 311 in your city.
He decided to kill police superintentant Sinders secretly.
This type of opinion can be said to be Polytheism.
It is always worth asking .
There are some people who are very good at this.
Pandava kunthi and madhuri are all in pandus
And we've had great conversations.
Keyboard shortcut to switch to tab 7
in developing this sixth sense
you better have some good security theater,
Rajya sabha's anti state motives
That time system of 'Sati' was very strong
So maybe the chemical in that would be useful.
She has a proclivity to assume the worst.
over the course of this few days.
what you find is, in fact,
Create a Search Folder for this mailing list
The reality, unfortunately, is a little different,
Paddy straw has a low nutritional value .
1 . describe the item or service ;
Can my baby be protected from hepatitis B infection ?
So this is what we started with 15 years ago,
So Tony starts doing his homework.
So, in 2006, now it's really time to have fun.
Hide application windows and show the desktop
For example, the elevators in this building
Earlobes and wattles are small and red in colour .
This will help us to see someone else instead ;
MSN Home Screen Name 3
that I support the terrorists in Iraq,
and put it in our cheeks.
And based on this we created a ritual for leaders.
At first they tried to divide the world .
Now you put water into a cup.
They're not just sitting there.
King Bhageerath was the son of second wife of Dilip.
and I was neglecting the family.
“ Why should I be afraid ? ”
I didn't check the airplane.
Is Bal Thackeray above the law ?
Error: Marking the upgrade (%s)
practising with them to help them reach their target
This session logs you into GNOME
The string that represents this font
I said, look, I'm going to switch my concept.
Hour average dioxide nitrogen(g μ / m3)
the country that has a long period
Keep local data only until I quit my browser
And when you see this kind of behavior,
Invalid attribute type (uint64 expected)
A conflict with another installed application has been detected.
Automatic with manual DNS settings
that must exist, that causes it to be pathogenic.”
when the animal goes in different parts of its environment,
There are %s orphaned quota entries which can be deleted.
than in any preceding month
As the soldier did not listen, Azad shot him down.
We don't tend to do that.
History of Modern Hindi prose
Whether the current stream is seekable
and the United States Ford is going off-road there.
And make sure that we own them,
Maybe the cows can decide on this one .
IME for hindi and other Indian languages.
Shree Ramcharit Manas- Bal kaand
Sikander's kingdom was divided among themselves by his generals
[you'll be] surprised, only two percent of women
The number of samples per pixel
Could not start document preview.
The outcome, win or lose
This page was prevented from setting cookies.
Number of hours in general operational state
Bounce settings have been saved.
sub-orbital flights to space, very soon - wait a minute,
He is self-created and the creator of the world.
in places like the Atacama Desert
The label of the menu item
Scale images to cover top face of cube
got to the captain first
This file is already bookmarked
Web server started, but network not running
- your availability for work
Care of a child who you get child maintenance for?
Nearly up-to-date! Relaunch Chromium to finish updating.
when the repair should be done by .
that is a particularly adorable and articulate little boy,
Look at the list below .
A5 sheet, 148 x 210 mm
Birth: on 30th January 1890 in Varanasi.
is about both, as I say,
the doctors should have solved this already.
How do our scientists name a new species ?
Before 90000 years, colonies ware started to establish.
on the justice of everything.
Nothing to see here, move along.
No existing file system was detected in this partition.
that in a diverse plural democracy like India
With that, water was filled on huge tanks overhead.
Western Himalayan subalpine conifer forests
Every tenants' organisation should have a constitution which shows how:
And that's what many people know East Africa for:
Suddenly she opened her eyes .
%s through %s wishes to add to an existing meeting:
Their is one part for human creatures like penis .
Without HIS wish nothing in this world can even move.
OI Update - List of managed applications
There's a hole here, and I shut this.
What is the law doing?
Hide the music player window
Set this profile for all users on this computer
a sliding scale pricing system
It's twice the range of any electric motorcycle.
And we'd actually take an atlas off the shelf,
Their own photos are getting tagged with meta-data
He knew it all so well .
USB support missing. Please contact your software vendor
Speak spread sheet cell coordinates
UR: I'd never learned it before,
Pollution befouls the air and poisons water .
It really is a story of Dr. Venkataswamy.
and turn it back into soil
Member of the Legislative Assembly
Cannot specify both “button_width”/“button_height” and “aspect_ratio” for buttons
The brightness change to apply
The ewes yield appreciable quantities of milk .
about 5,000 new components to fit to the car.
La- only in sanskrit ( long la)
Many people recite this in their day to day activities.
Two sons Amitabh and Ajitabh were born from Teji Bachchan.
the day before in Nashville.
indira gandhi monument is in new delhi
Devices that should be ignored
Could not delete user group.
I'm like, screw that. They're all in the pond
And what a customer !
This is India 's real Kashmir problem .
So we have three steps.
The buttons shown in the alert dialog
as Indians come and work all over the world,
All the problems and obstacle would come up
You can choose when to start getting your SMP .
These are called qualifying repairs .
and yet most of these people go invisible.
CAIR … was founded by Islamic terrorists.
is a hindrance for economic growth,
Brahma has to looks : Parabrahma and Aparabrahma
that separated the people who have
This is the very important theory of the Muslims.
So it is anticipation time inside the temple complex .
I call them the New East -
that I really got what this meant.
Make this my default account
and also the joy of communicating it to others.
The closure to be monitored for accelerator changes
Default color of bold text in the terminal
“%s” is not a valid value for resize attribute
In my continued exploration of subjects in nature
This is what it looks like today.
Do you or your partner get:
Category : 1956 Padma Bhushan
However , experts advise caution .
And they come up one at a time.
where infrastructure is now accepted.
Would adding cholera to the water be a good idea?
That 's another moral of the same story .
Why was he not there with her ?
which is very comforting and intimate.
The Lord of the Rings
It says that five texts were written by Surdas
Empty trash folders on exit
than most of us have been led to believe.
somewhere over there, is it?
These are hugely powerful forces
List of Indian state birds
Five peaks in Pakistan are more than 8000meters tall.
including ours, were deemed off-limits to any sort of investment.
Please download and install the latest Hamachi version.
Whether water level goes up or down,
A few years ago, my colleagues and I were interested
Where to import these $1 photos?
I almost never show them off
The opportunity rose and the youngster just tried it .
Like a b c d
Bodhanath is Nepal's largest stupa.
If you delete a network, it will be permanently lost.
when you met a very poor person,
100 Bin Ladens on the Way?
the collective socialization of men,
And that design is sort of way beyond
No applications available to open “%s”
Go to the DVD menu
Garstin Bastion Road, New Delhi
The calendar did not have a content URI.
Never place cookies on NFS
I admit I wasn't very interested.
We started off with an experiment in Hyderabad, India,
The PPD file for this queue is damaged.
located in a space and time
Both countries are in Asia.
This is a picture here taken from SpaceShipOne.
things like waiters and waitresses
Show Haguichi in the notification area
Category: Hindi Poet of Farooquabad
There was fear in them .
It has 395 articles and 12 chapters.
The title of the color profile to use
to show the reality - see fights
Defense news line:Global terrorism and terrorism www.debriefed.org
Cannot attach file %s: not a regular file
See pages 42 - 43 .
You could play it in the dump
Comeback Sport : Hockey .
responding to the oil spill.
And you know why they have a design?
Ewes mature when about two years old .
In India Ganga river is known for its prestige andpurity.
But yes, it's also true
One special minister has to become a member of Rajyasabha.
The JPEG 2000 image format
Flip the cards to find the matching pairs
A network source must be selected.
It can damage the fame of supreme court also.
There's got to be a middle way.
and I was too afraid on this occasion
Internals of Indian constitution(in hindi and english)
Series:History series:Indian Series:Indian History Series:Hindu Religious Series:Philosophy Series:Personality Series:Personal Life
The history of modern Hindi prose
The classic media problem, from the twentieth century
How to claim see page 30 .
<muttersession> attribute seen but we already have the session ID
Failed to create GStreamer element; check your installation
Because when we work from a place
it successfully crosses over these type of terrain.
Chromium is up to date (%{VERSION})
so that they can make decisions.
Caution urged on climate risk
Don't medicate kids for attention deficit disorder
Record the current resolution before suspending.
but to produce to our color specifications.
Shoorpanakha went and complained to her brother, Raavan.
Check for new messages in all folders
Akbar's son Jhahangir Built palace in the year1613
Default directory to select an avatar image from
Someone made an old timey version.
Or General David Richards to come in 2006
and the cities are all dependent on oil.
Here's the latest virus we've found
You have run out of space
A . Business sentiment will have to help itself .
Sundarkand - Translator: Swami Satyanand, Goddess Temple (ISBN 1-877795-15-9)
instead of the months flying by, forgotten,
Please replace the disc with a writable CD or DVD.
putting in our taxes and getting back services.
Error when getting information for directory ‘%s': %s
I can learn something from the desert , too .
because drugs are easy to get hold of .
Tampering with Loyalty 29th September , 1921 3 .
Waiting for Tuxpaint to finish
to run behind medical college girls.
So they could do that on their own.
is by teaching children perspectives
But perjury has always been a not infrequent crime .
W.B Yeats and Occults (1968)
where they get chopped into pieces.
The help you are giving at the moment
The Greens - The Green Alternative
Jeeuu piuu hi soi jeeu hai
Stock ID for primary icon
but they really have missed an essential point,
“OK, so I stopped at a light
and what am I choosing here?
Let your battle-cry be- ' TO DELHI !
The role of the Local Education Authority
and it's been created by two students,
Your filter “%s” does not match any items.
If the toggle part of the button is displayed
IP Info DB API Key:
It's perceptions, thoughts, feelings, dreams.
Create a new Internet Radio station
Usage: %s -spawner dbus-id objectpath
Mumbai North West (Lok Sabha constituency)
In the afternoon King Yudhishtara killed him.
Default location for the “Take Screenshot” dialogs
and yet, one can be able to fund them.
You can very precisely calculate what your CO2 emissions are,
And I'm going to use it
Go to the chapter menu
no commercially and medically useful quantities of it
Saved width of Search window
Do you want to save changes to document %s?
which just gives us higher angular resolution.
Paint and paint thinners .
Choose your contractor with care.
and then have a really long lens,
Error: NameHasOwner request failed: %s
and we're setting ourselves up again for failure.
(Auto-refreshing page every %{INTERVALSECONDS} seconds.)
to avoid burdening those businesses with unnecessary regulation
Have you or your partner:
And I said, I'll measure them. They'll get a zero.
And what you're going to see is-one buttock playing.
Undo the last text change
is what I'm going to do.
Start Automated Input Level Adjustment
That's the theme of my next 15 minutes here.
become part of the naked geography of hope.
Capital of India is New-Delhi
It's because Gandhi believed in villages
National Institute of Technology Karnataka
Types of applications 4 35
which said, “College begins in kindergarten.”
Error seeking in stream on camera %s
are in the business of.
He is motionless , a lifeless thing .
Now, visual thinking gave me a whole lot of insight
Later on he is been called as young Kabir.
in the humanoid RoboCup competition.
human body is made by three pillars.
Request a read receipt for this message
There was an error displaying help
%s %s until charged (%i%%) Provides %s battery runtime
Because he blogged about the car.
only thenn you will love the whole world
throws his shirt as though somebody is waiting for it.
Shreya Ghoshal or Shreya Ghosal
bin kasim was a billonaire
Select a file for backup
Create a Filter Rule for Recipients...
thought would be extremely unlikely,
And if we can teach listening in our schools,
Could not load bookmark model.
%s : %s (%d item)
This is your personal statistic sheet for survey #%s
Enables advanced gestures (e.g. 4-finger pinch to minimize window etc.).
Error launching 'About' dialog: %s
of looking as cool as Tom Cruise in “Minority Report,”
Now let's turn to two countries,
And the old lady said, “Oh yes, come on in.”
Tajmahal or Tejomahal- one Analysis
Sri Guru Ram Dass Jee International Airport
There were no clouds in the sky.
that is viewed as two totally different things.
develops into this complicated structure.
Babies should be laid down to sleep :
what their middleclass counterparts pay -
In the conventional sense though this is not true .
They used to call it the ghetto then . ”
back as recently as 1990
From Russia with Love (film)
that don't get worked on naturally.
This file cannot be stopped
to putting his life back together -
2006 Western & Southern Financial Group Masters
“”Hinditools“” Installer by Kushinara, which contains IME.
He had already imagined the scene many times ;
SM: And I asked him, “Do you send emails?”
The frequency gain must be an integer
The schools would produce the people
The city council has made an accepted list .
Copy memo list contents locally for offline operation
He is the highest runs scorer in cricket.
in the way that it can help us
dictionary.com-correct pronunciations&meanings can be seen
Three years, and we can't do that now. Crazy.
These drugs often circulate in gymnasiums and health clubs .
more plastic, better at learning,
Title of the print job
Your employer can give you their names and addresses.
Chrome just got better! A new version is available.
Startup failed because of the following error: %s
Reminder to participate in a survey
it's entertainment when you tell it,
15 month-olds would stare at her for a long time
Launch %s and select menu > About.
500 of these villages where these are
RSS and Atom feed display
Always sign outgoing messages when using this account
Fax no: 0114 259 3707
Tar compressed with gzip (.tar.gz)
to have the courage to embrace both love and power.
until along came a German scientist
two capital I, not these eyes, for two egos.
In terms of the political changes,
The temporary download directory cannot be shared
Error setting compositor status: %s
gangas overthrow would mean the end of responsibility
But this was all common sense.
Centre for DNA Fingerprinting and Diagnostics
Format of the output images (png, jpeg, ...).
Google Chrome does not support $1%{OSNAME}.
Now, tell me which way to go.
Unable to change station property
Which is the authoritarian, disciplinarian, on the one hand.
Processing second track of stereo pair:
So when I said that,
So now, what I can do -
the VPN service returned invalid configuration
Mehr Lal Soni Zia Fatehabadi
This growth included structural and place improvement.
Failed to create hardlink for resource '%s': %s
Whether to show the title column in the bookmarks window.
It's your resource, it's not somebody else's.
but they're not poor in the mind.
“ Open the door , do you hear me ?
True if the media-keys settings manager plugin is enabled.
Failed to parse command line.
which, if they did that,
(Audience: Embark.) BS: Yeah, wow. Okay.
Not enough memory to composite a frame in GIF file
They are mostly nirandhara while a few are sandhara .
I'm going to talk about why we are so fatalistic
Your help can make all the difference .
loves them, as some might, as most, wish.
we have to be careful
because contrary to what we might usually assume,
What makes us who we are anyway?
Regular expression compilation failed: %s: %s
and how great and amazing
Indian Society is multi-religious , Multilingual and a Mix culture.
All the discussions about flexi-time
Bhaktti Kaal (Period of devotion)
Applications that work with “OI Flashlight”:
The faster, simpler, and more secure computer
Vanity could not play video from the webcam. Reason: %s
Sometimes editors would tell their cartoonists
Send files by mail, instant message…
Govt groups samstanu by different local ethnic groups.
We use a modified inkjet printer.
It's a sort of paper-based reader.
potential energy to kinetic energy.
is how we deal with this from a public standpoint.
in their respective histories and geographies?
73 million dollars into the States,
more than 1.3 billion dollars from these deals.
It could have been an English Tudor or Spanish Colonial,
Main point: The characters in Mahabharath
For his bad luck ,They can not complete this properly.
Show status bar in new windows
the way we create whole new paradigms of development.
and kids are really important to most people.”
Choose which address books to use.
Unlike most of our computing devices,
and still hold onto their cars,
The education system in India
The instruments of Hindi Typing in Firefox
Unsupported mobile broadband connection type.
more cohesion between policy-making and enforcement organisations. <s> Next steps
Press space bar to return to game
Yeh Raaste Hain Pyaar Ke
Failed to read config options.
hanuman destroyed ashokvatika and killed ravan's son akshay kumar.
Flag of the Kingdom of the Netherlands
Failed to encrypt the data: %s / %s.
there should be inward development
Enable program list in “Run Application” dialog
The model for the tree view
The code sequence the Backspace key generates
It was also his main interest
churches, temples, other things -
Unable to open requested HTML document: %s
Export Resources As ZIP Archive
Username is too long for SOCKSv4 protocol
encourage closer co - operation between local authorities .
Thank you, and God bless you.
Such things as preparation of electoral rolls
Enable local-only Instant extended API
What changes have been made to the Race Relations Act?
I'm not saying that at all.
and pound for pound and dollar for dollar,
Authentication is required to get attributes of job '%s'
So, since 400 years it has been giving you
You may just know more about everything than anyone.
Documents related to Netaji be publicised by the government
It teaches them to sell; it teaches them creativity;
A tooltip text for this widget
Military , like nuclear weapon,toxic gas,germ warfare and rocketary
I mean, it was incredible.
So here is a typical stud wall,
This work is in the Public Domain
The server rejected the temporary credentials request.
Because the transformation to amateur media
Now, what we need is, we need
This will make SpamAssassin more reliable, but slower.
with high-end art and luxury houses without help.
I liked the fine detail
So, I'll start with this:
It's about the size of a mini marshmallow.
Cannot load resources from file '%s'.
Goes to next large object.
and not with the colonial creation of the African state,
Because, if you think about it, space is pretty awkward;
Couldn't find matching udev device.
the field is actually evolving towards just that,
That Province become similar to 2nd Heaven.
That ' s ended !
A file was just made public at %(new_public_url)s
And like all good soaps, it jumps 20 years
Which makes human by the clot of blood.
Not available in offline mode
Nepal was awarded for the National Garden in 1973.
They did not know and wanted to understand .
GTD, Higher Authority for the knowledge on terrorism
%S more space is required to copy to the destination.
Once you choose hope, anything's possible.
In 1947 he was first prime minister of indepent india
They're no longer being taught to babies,
United States of America: 8.2
Incorrect PIN, please try again. Tries left: %{TRIESCOUNT}
A device to change the Roman unicode to Sanskrit.
Binding to lower the system volume.
Modifying contact from LDAP server...
What were we doing all this time ?
And of course, the U.K. benefited
is how the government in the Democratic Republic of Congo
where the putting in of the troops
- Tool to manipulate a GConf configuration
Send reminder to token ID(s):
Export result data to SPSS
not producing, not sharing -
Now it's not a lone nut, it's not two nuts,
It's a very large number of galaxies.
They learn how letters join together to make words .
Tel: 0870 1226 236, Fax: 0870 1226 237.
Earth Profile by NASA's Solar System Exploration
No valid records were found.
who became rich by receiving charity?
Click to change your nickname
Scroll the view to the currently playing song
Let me parenthetically pause here and tell you -
And you see this thing we call the Great Wall,
to know about uttar pradesh
The device did not respond
Peter Parker is in a library in Manhattan
sixth stage 26th January 1950
EFolderList XML for the list of completion URIs.
Purana's shows different forms of god and godessess.
The hostname of the URI '%s' is invalid
Can't read value of '%s'
Centre for DNA Fingerprinting and Diagnostics
And now the children in his village
And the fact that the demographics are in our favor,
we may not be giving them enough credit
In other words , it is a struck bow .
Whether to enable HTML5 Local Storage support.
The boy was becoming nervous .
because of these types Veda is spread in many centers
Sending message %d of %d
The rest of it's from the cloud.
The monitor the menu will be popped up on
For years, I have watched people teach.
illness or injury while you are away;
before the mastodons actually show up.
you have to hear a story
Are you sure you want to delete this sketch?
Failed to sync XML cache contents to disk
The amount of space between two consecutive columns
The early 70s, I was in college.
Are you sure you want to permanently delete the file?
Indian states ranking by media exposure
Ask for confirmation when deleting items
Then came the blow .
-LRB- ii -RRB- Divali -LRB- p . 260 -RRB- .
Prof. Troye Jharan “” Terrorism of theater war'.
'%s' is not a valid interface name
Send reply to all recipients?
a line of products, including Nuero Bliss here,
A simple applet for testing the GNOME-2.0 panel
and one of the delights of ethnographic research
at MIT's entrepreneurial master's program.
Local install media (ISO image or CDROM)
Extract a resource file to stdout
Invalid string in environment: %s
Can't write to file ‘%s': %s
And to this day remains the only Jewish diaspora
On the top we can find few pictures.
for all of these people
Your phone is now ready to use!
I would spread the cloths under your feet;
In this lies the circumstances of people before you.
List of airports by IATA code: Q
There's a lot of conflict.
This compost is an excellent soil conditioner .
a model it doesn't like.
Pratahkal Hindi News Paper: Search Hindi news at morning
of a new thing, a new club,
in a file called Server.exe.
Open this attachment in %s
Noise and Statutory Nuisance Act 1993 <s> ISBN 011 753410.2
Children develop their reading skills in different ways .
Just think of all those sunflowers in the desert.
“You failed in your exam?”
This reflection adds ultimate glory to its beauty.
Reading and writing at school
Sugriv was living on that mountain with his ministers.
The width of the canvas
The mentor of Warren Buffett, Benjamin Graham,
The case was conducted on a gigantic scale .
(Video) Boy: ... just mention, I play games
Insult of Drropodi and wild leaving of Pandaba.
Microsoft Indik Langauge input Tool(Beta)
Error opening keyring '%s' for writing:
and there is a slope.
take carbon out of the air
Select Disk Image(s) to Mount
but the people in the street,
Rajbai steeple is very close to Mumbai University.
I can also do some Jackie Chan-motion,
Routes the pointer to the current item.
online english to hindi translation system
When I was a young researcher, doctoral student,
subjects were asked to determine
Notice That You Must Leave -LRB- 92 HUG 220 -RRB-
I did comic book arbitrage.
to a more thoughtful and balanced definition
Permanently remove all deleted messages from this folder
or maybe turning your digital senses totally off.
Failed to create a source element; check your installation
Error changing autostart value: %s
and then you will find these videos.
But the contrast will look something like that.
%{PLUGINNAME} is required to display some elements on this page.
Cannot write to this location
will make a difference in today's information era,
Content with the specified MIME type cannot be shown
And we have big dreams of building libraries
I want to tell you about my friend
I guess you can see
Position and size of the Legend dialog
Failed to create active FTP connection.
At the age of 70,
as opposed to in front of human beings.
KEEP - Don't overwrite existing records.
List of Presidents of the United States
Kaburi,AAnandam and AArkeneaoksas,Noaha,reader of Aids cell phone:eassay on social changes
all those tiny little moments that make it so sweet.
Different dictionaries cause Browser search engine
Do not contact the offender direct .
GroupWise Home Screen Name 3
than the data here indicated.
Whether there should be a tooltip on the item
And for too long, these children and their parents
Use menu to add new notes.
Agra and Avadh combined state 1903
I reported that we had discovered
Cannot delete MAPI folders in offline mode
Show disk view 'Type' column on startup
And here, it's so far away.
ram was an ideal son.
people dying of hunger, for the first time.
Are you sure you want to format the disk?
And the second with an impulse every other note.
Something that is absent in Indo-Pak engagement .
in the middle of a lot of chaos.
Intricate work with precious stones are done on the inside.
Foreground color as a string
These sheep yield superior carpet wool .
and the characters of the film.
And today, they are with you in Long Beach.
Flag of the United Arab Emirates
Do not display the background images of activities.
And it can actually crush an empty soda can.
as it performs various functions
Actually, I had this taxi driver telling me,
Two Districts combine in Greater Mumbai, each has a Commissioner.
The art side is stronger in view of Alankar Yojna.
In Karachi they heard that his father was died.
We turn facts into similes and metaphors,
Import Failed on Record %d because [%s]
Irian Jaya & the Moluccas
Jaipur is the capital of state.
Although I should say that my traffic did skyrocket
Then Bhagarathi and Alkananda meet at a distance of1500 feet.
System update downloading: %{PERCENT}% complete.
Start an instance in netbank mode
but here they will care properly.
that rely so heavily on market research
a great lack of rain in central and eastern Africa.
Beneath it is Mumtaz's grave.
Favicons database not initialized yet
what they thought everybody must like.
Contacting LDAP server: host '%s', port '%d', base DN '%s'
Beyond the stars there are more stars .
So we worked very hard
In 1899 R.C. Dutta created brief Ramayana and Mahabharata.
“ We must both be mad ! ”
move his not-so-loyal officers made .
I have a slight office supply addiction,
where I was the class queer.
Press ctrl+space to select the previous input method.
Argument to “%s” is not a valid command: %s
For minority kids, it's over 50 percent.
And sometimes we make real plans.
Enable the experimental gesture tap highlight implementation.
Lord Shri Krishna had given discourse of Geeta to Arjun.
Addresses and phone numbers are over the page.
Encourage this. <s> Buy books as presents instead of toys.
Punjab and Haryana High Court
Destination file was truncated or removed since last download.
Maybe this isn ' t me any more .
Personal ISP in India(in English)
If you were making a TV show,
In 2009, we're down to 1,600 cases.
XPM file has image width <= 0
Get your child to fill in the blanks .
A shorter label that may be used on toolbar buttons.
of taking knowledge from the people, making them anonymous,
The computer found several texts -
is a set of observation points
All cookies and site data...
User for login if not current user.
the key is, they can never, ever know it.
Filter Boards difficulty for profile %s
I ' ve got a good reason .
No prize winner has ever complained , it says .
So what's a good definition for cyborg?
AddToPropertyCollection called w/o valid adder
Error stating file descriptor: %s
In 2002 I met this incredible entrepreneur
This page has been blocked from accessing your camera.
that made this already unstable ship
just to localize this. Which is good news.
Requested action not taken: insufficient system storage
Permission to create/view/update/delete quota rules for a survey
I'm so sorry to say that.
walked across the Middle East,
Could not evict member “{0}”
Then she felt a hand touch her .
He has a selective one, though.
This is now hidden .
Kahin Pyaar Na Ho Jaaye
can't delete user configuration file '%s'
Allow drawing of alternating color rows
assures us that we are in the “decisive year.”
It was enough to drive her mad .
Could not create lock file for %s: %s
I asked them to produce a little movie about it.
As recently at last decade,
List of current Indian governors
Restore group of '%s' to '%s'
The first is Bharti Kher.
as a lens through which most people view moral questions,
This is a serious problem that we're losing our listening.
The main qualification for each of these is the :
And the little prince went away .
List of airports by ICAO code: Z
Been getting Income Support or income-based Jobseeker's Allowance?
Visvesvaraya Institute of Advanced Technology
“ Make yourself at home .
Set to true to enable the screen reader.
to the South China Sea,
And I went to talk to them
that's what they're for -
Planning to stop the noise
His mother had died from a heroin overdose.
History of the British Raj
The number of photos to take in a single burst.
Saha Institute of Nuclear Physics
Default location for the “Open...” dialogs
-quit cannot be used with URIs.
Enter the character set to use
this is really important to consider,
Flag of the Republic of the Congo
He said, “Ms. Pierson, is this an F?”
because the canopy of the heavens
his world magazine “”Chand“” and “”histories“” was edited.
Enable various alerts about changes in extension state.
Two and a Half Men
Format address according to standard of its destination country
Depression is a common experience for all age groups .
Try Ubuntu without any change to your computer
He got married to Mrinalini Devi in 1883.
Let me give you an example. When I first published
I want to suggest that actually,
We saw scientific revolutions, the Protestant Reformation,
Which is obvious. It's a great name.
Could not create directory for unzipping: '%{DIRECTORYPATH}'
Show icon next to thumbnail
<Tab> moves; <Space> selects; <Enter> activates buttons
“Mommy, I know you have been stopped.”
You have not selected a question
When I gave up sugar for 30 days,
what advice would you give them?
These are all pictures and images from Africa,
Present Castle had been built by Akbar's grandson Shah Jahan.
this had some important reasons,which we may discuss further
Error on line %d: %s
You could regain this time.
because I only had 18 minutes, frankly.
and hard-earned experience to that count. (Applause)
intimacy,depth of entry,force of entry
These people, many of whom have lived in North Oxford,
to make art that transcends
Header image for the assistant page
%s already exists Do you want to overwrite it?
Error seeking to offset %lld: %m
Hazrat Mohammed Sallallahu Alaihi Vasallam
Failed to map %s%s%s%s: mmap() failed: %s
LILO configured to use a serial console
Marathi Doordarshan and Marathi TV are also located in Mumbai.
Kabir's practice “”Not to believe,“”begins from learning
Import data and settings from older programs
It's not about making learning happen.
i protection of the interests of artisans ;
and high levels of corruption.
Please suggest a remedy for sap-sucking insect.
India at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Configure mail preferences, including security and message display, here
If you proceed, the account information will be deleted permanently.
Valmiki Ramayana - Translator: Ralph T. H. Griffith (1870-1874)
10 in a row, you move on.
The words in QURAN were easily stored in hearts.
So, we're involving two things.
Board of Control for Cricket in India
the only school in Canada that accepted me, Carlton -
Shaheen's background I don't even know.
makes the sample grid visible on screen as white pixels
Division memory game against Tux
R in 1899. C. Dutt brief composed Ramayana and Mahabharata
You may be able to get income-based JSA.
Lucky the man who can find both in one .
Set process priority to very high
Further copies of this leaflet are available from:
so I didn't see why I had to.
extraordinarily eclectic group of kids to work with
Install the GRUB boot loader on a hard disk
where I was doing two things.
Photo Voltaic system is of modular type.
Lots of shepherds passed through , selling their wool .
brought clarity to the things that are meaningful
%s: Display %s busy. Trying another display number.
Now, what stands in the way of this?
takes a lot of patience.
We've spent a great deal of time
And I'm going to take this blade of steel,
Place your left index finger on %s
so we stay home more -
so they look at you.
they will not only get it,
“ Stop that noise !
War time security pad pole
1996 Paris Open - Singles
which is the one favored by both Muslim fundamentalists
Network error while communicating with the device management service.
Larger plants such as water lilies may disappear .
Narendra stepped outside his house.
Revert to the master photo
from the rhetoric we heard in the media.
but very interesting people. You'll never be bored.
and they ossify and calcify,
Some Indians say that it was written before 600 BC
and you have another 30 or 40 seconds,
The police arrested him as well .
A drawer with that name exists
you'll see that what we commonly want to do -
and forget what really matters to you.
the [intra-ocular lens] prices to be at affordable levels,
Subash Babu become very sick while he was in MondaleJail.
Such a notice must be conformed by the Court .
Use tools on this note
failed to flush the file '%s'
which is now funding the Russians' sub-orbital thing,
It is presented on one single page.
SILO installation failed. Continue anyway?
internationalization levels of the order of 85, 90, 95 percent.
how did the universe begin and shape?
{0} came online in the network {1}
because a Russian space program is starving,
in order to achieve it.
God revealed his secrets easily to all his creatures .
I'll give the materials. I'll come back and test them.
Employees' Provident Fund Organisation of India
there is no ancient books on the knowledge of world.
numbered in the hundreds -
For further copies please write to:
The other was Indian cricket.
that we make very poor use
2. There are four separate sets of work permit arrangements:
Position on the screen of the audio settings window
Open a list of URLs
Jaishanker Prasad (collection of poem)
one of the character creators for the modern-day X-Men.
your coach told you you were playing like a girl?”
There are about 15000 one room factories in Dharavi area.
Fundamental Rights, Directive Principles and Fundamental Duties of India
taking the passenger's seat and have someone else drive?
You know what I mean … ”
but every time one of these new tools came along,
he said, “Well, they'd be about the same.
Access advanced options to tweak the device
Additional plugins must be disabled
And if you do a good job capturing the photos,
Variety in climate before human.
Imagine what happens if that student in Calcutta
The materials that allowed the battery-operated facial expressions
to the secret deals which may benefit wealthy elites
Any lasting pain and/or dysfunction should be properly diagnosed .
Hide Details of this Question
grew to over 50 percent.
Maximum image size for thumbnailing
No user with this username :
His arguments were convincing .
is they act as filters between us and reality.
of a cell phone with a video in it.
that did include a brain image.
There are fifteen thousand verses in the AgniPuran.
as anything else but poor.
and they developed a bactericide
Did not understand trailing characters “%s” in string “%s”
here we find Marathi medium or English medium of education.
Content tampered with or altered in transit
is how to reach that intermediate step,
They have the power of the Chief Judicial Magistrate .
figured out how to break habits in rats
Unsubscribe from the mailing list this message belongs to
List of Indian inventions and discoveries
What organs can be donated?
Completed on %B %d, %Y, %l:%M %p
and while training, I was hit by a bus.
in the question of the single story.
Let me just tell you, briefly, my personal journey,
But these hopes were not fulfilled .
A simple plugin which uses yTNEF to decode TNEF attachments.
You have approximately <b>%s</b> of remaining battery life (%d%%). %s
is to insult their mother.
And not only did they do it,
The following important items came under such courts :
German Std Fanfold, 8 1/2 x 12 in
Stores the size of the update-manager dialog
he wrote on landlord,debtor,poverty and dishonesty
Please provide a Server URI
Stage 4(c): Critical control points
then he tried Penance, but all in vain.
Note (FIXME, TODO, XXX, etc.)
real partnerships if we want to get to scale.
Death: 18 January, 2003 in Mumbai.
Could not open MP3 encoding library!
sympathetic with the plight of indigenous people
The word 'taxidermist' is used to define a person that?
Spare devices for the RAID${LEVEL} array:
who looked at per-capita income
Open Video in New Window
Many are reputed authors of commerce books . ”
It contribute 5% of GDP.
Theme file %s did not contain a root <metacitytheme> element
This reflects falling operating costs during this period .
She digs the nursery chamber and he guards it .
And to you, everyone, thank you very much.
And this is what Newton talked about 400 years back,
Error: No suitable device found: %s.
“Would this guy have, like, a blue uniform
An extraordinary set of telescopes.
before the long ride back to the city.
The advantages of these: 1. No court fees are applicable.
after this, india became a republic on 26 January 1950
Remove the selected files from the project
What is to be done ;
Maximum recorded annual rain was in the year 1954.
Solvent-based-glues -LRB- like Evo-Stik -RRB- .
that produces these identical people,
Two divisions of Yajurveda a)Shuklayajurveda b)Krishnayajurveda.
Sorry. There is no matching survey.
The national army has shrunk.
is recycled stories from the AP wire services and Reuters,
we are talking of millions of people,
This is evident from his literature.
Mumbai has historically been a prime business center.
I went and got golf balls from golf courses.
Indian states ranking by households having electricity
Smdhmd -LRB- p . 70 -RRB- .
and trusted not to hurt others.
Between 2006 up to 2009, our country, Lebanon,
State Bank of Bikaner & Jaipur
you are aged 60 or over
Use in Birthdays & Anniversaries calendar
Babies and children are geniuses
Generally, the ball bounces once before reaching the batsman.
to this concept of heart-to-heart connection, or mind-to-mind connection,
Hashing algorithm to be used:
Are you sure you want to delete %s?
Hepatitis B how to protect your baby
It doesn't know even the word violation.
Red component of the pause color
These are four 8.2 meter telescopes.
Cannot allocate memory for loading PNM image
the right-angled triangles began to appear on the screens.
learn the biotechnology of DNA replication in English
shall we expand our sense of environmental stewardship
and that's what you are.
none of you could squeeze revenue out of that space
Vivekanandji was born on 12 Januvary 1863.
The current theme suggests a background.
About this time the international situation had become tense .
and putting them into a nice centerpiece
the UV and the X-rays
The hostilities made imports difficult and stimulated home industries .
Bachchan rachnawali ke nau khand (1983)
Unmount the volume associated with the open folder
constitution has three important parts.
Generally penis is found in mammals and reptiles.
Flag of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
“+2” said, “I ain't all bad.”
They had met the great man;
Moving the mouse should move the cursor on the screen.
Letters to the editor: Radical Islam
And then there are the colors in the clouds
That's how you tap into local entrepreneurial talent
The overwhelming feeling is that he deserved it .
This event take place in Mahalakshmi Race Course.
The attribute “%s” was found twice on the <%s> element
Add an effect to be applied on the actor
All India Trade Union Congress
We have opportunities in housing and real estate.
Invalid return value from monitordir
The following plugins are currently disabled:
Move the contacts of the selected address book to another
<b>{0}</b> of <b>{1}</b> Sticky Notes were successfully imported.
really about three of them.
It's called, “You're Going to Miss Me.”
Use , and . keys to page a candidate list
gives us that feeling without it,
Custom Side Pane Background Set
Only religion can save the world . ”
because most of this statistics is Europe.
Could not parse font description “%s” from GConf key %s
You can start <application>Glade</application> in the following ways:
So that's Push Pop Press' first title,
We're working with the Machine Perception Laboratory
Terrorist asymmetric warfare and conventional warfare their is no reason
Sita is a devotee of her husband.
“ What is that object ? ”
Rajendra Nagar Terminal railway station
Word-wisdom unicode based 'English<->Hindi' Dictionary (offline)
Could not delete network “{0}”
Appending audio tracks to a CD is not advised.
that the government had no obligation to provide better service,
Click to choose an icon
The revelations considerably eroded the website 's moral authority .
This user account is not eligible for the service.
But today we're all creating this incredibly rich digital archive
the good teachers, for a lot of these kids,
The following questions should be deleted
where did it come from?
They're worried, in other words,
One of the students said, “Really?”
Enable lock when the device become idle or suspended
Start playing files from last position
Zoom Out (150% to 100%)
Laxman and Meghnadh fought ferociously.
Error setting modification or access time: %s
are the ideas we need to anticipate.
and he's shopping for some paper towels.
Number of zones on bottom
7 We were encouraged by many firms' use of training.
with the possible exception of Shintoism,
We have this bucket list,
The Constitution has three Main Sections.
When talking about morality we value differences of opinion
(Laughter) and for my course.
describes ways that reading and writing are taught in schools
In China, the definition of literacy
Could not display help for Image Viewer
Fatal error in PNG image file: %s
How much does he weigh ?
a time relative to the current time
Access the Internet using your cell phone (test)
And the army took them,
My artistic horizons continue to grow.
You received %{DATAAMOUNT} free usage on %{DATE}
Chromium is up to date.
fact is that he stays in everyone
you can start using your palm for simple operations.
science and human values is an illusion -
and, every day, drags in images and text.
Whether the secondary icon is sensitive
-115.117.116.110, May 12, 2010 (UTC) Submit non-formatted text here.
and who was really involved and what really happened,
Elephant driving is an art .
After downloading use it offline is best.
The secondary text includes Pango markup.
at devising weapons of enormous destruction?
and realizing that it's about all of us,
Imperial throne to the back of the private room set
You'll see these different kinds of minds.
This is what Abu Hanifa says .
His own death was under contorl of Bhishma himself
It was his mother ' s.
This user has protected their updates.
Set up screen size and rotation settings
“ Why was that so important ? ”
You cannot unsubscribe to this newsgroup: newsgroup does not exist!
standard contracts are 220,000 dollars in a whole year.
The identity of this website has been verified by $1%{ISSUER}.
isn't more balanced, it's more fit.
Process bill. There are four types of bills
Books are for people who wish they were somewhere else.
these spiritual masters of the Sufi tradition,
The High Court of Delhi
And the problem is that a lot of people now,
“ That chap in the attic .
Insert email addresses from Address Book
Error starting autorun program: %s
Now I immediately knew what he meant.
Where are they to be found ?
At least one attendee is required.
The essential package '%s' is marked for removal.
Failed to get client information: %s
I'm working in a team with Airbus,
For the winter of 2001-2002
you love equity between gender.
There are {NUMBEROFQUESTIONS} questions in this survey.
The G8 Summit proposes that the solution to Africa's problems
Color by Index (red, orange, yellow, green, blue, violet).
politically vulnerable communities for profit.
People seem to think politics is sexy.
two or more components formal organization
Whether new text overwrites existing text
“Dig wells for five years?
Select Test to launch Firefox with a sample video.
Do not ask me again.
Error reading from unix: %s
The other big Rivers are Sindhu,Narmada,[Bramhaputra],Yamuna,Godavori,Kabari,Krishna,Chambal,Satlag,Bysa.
Duplicating %'d file (in “%B”)
Cannot end process with PID %d: %s
out in those remote villages?”
man's body is perishable and it never destroys the soul
Only experts should use this.
to see it as an epiphany.
Show question number only (Forced by the system administrator)
Muslim population in the world
between being a Chinese and being an Indian,
6. Constitution's 7th schedule has three lists-Federal, state, and concurrent.
There were no temple for Arya God.
or that nebulous phrase “weak governance.”
It is included in micro air pollutant.
So we have two prototypes.
The contrast of the video
And that was a personal belief,
List of aggregates of feed.
” The man wept with happiness .
Because for me, to join the B to the E,
Less than 1 minute left
That's why India belongs at TED,
with taking out the best sides of religion.
“ What ' s happened ?
Failed to get METAR data: %d %s.
Ashakydin Khalifa and Civil War
The preferred universities were Oxford or Cambridge .
And at this time, when I was going through
Beep when a key is rejected
But we have a planetary emergency.
who is the scribe of storytellers,
Business @ the Speed of Thought
resist being inducted into prostitution.
They had to suspend functions at 8:30.
and then sailed all the way
about two hours north of Mumbai.
and they had their first kids.
So then the seventh planet was the Earth .
Attempts to play down the loss have begun .
And these [unclear], which stored water,
Fax no : 0114 259 3345
Diwali symbolizes going in to light from the darkness.
sometimes the consequence, for example,
This device is using manufacturing calibrated data.
How can I expect to feel after the procedure ?
Network name is already taken
is that this was the first case
in Professor Stephen Pratt's lab carrying an object.
Neither party should incur heavy costs .
of things like killing. Right?
He is thinking about what is unjustice
There aren't a lot of good words
This app can be used with the following applications:
Insert page break in printable view
This newspaper printed in Delhi and Mumbai.
Which layout is most similar to your keyboard?
Ignoring invalid record(s) in sources.list file!
is piled high with difficulty,
They do this untill they ejaculate.
For two years, I searched for a fiber
The electron hits it suddenly.
Make channels grouped under this channel visible
It feeds the English requirement.
Skip H.264 in-loop deblocking filter
Patricia Kuhl: During the production of speech,
Cut labeled audio regions to clipboard
One of the women in this video, Adenike Ogunlesi,
Here, the population density was 22,000 persons per square kilometer.
professor mahavir saran jain's article : kabir's practice
When should my baby have hepatitis B vaccine ?
Failed to connect: missing username/password.
“ What ? The war , of course . ”
Could not create the destination folder: %s.
People who are studying full-time cannot usually get JSA.
Therefore, it disregards the ethical dignity.
Use triple buffering for overlays
All operations memory game against Tux
that these excuses are completely valueless.
Luck is a matter of preparation meeting opportunity.
really don't feel as though they're in danger.
globally, across all social strata.
Play a sound when a contact logs in
Overwrite free disk space %s
And yes, you also interact using natural gestures,
at which metabolism lays down this damage.
India at the 1932 Summer Olympics
He blamed his stepfather , and said so .
Export canceled, changes must first be saved.
No question index will be shown with this format.
pointing people to news sources,
There are no options for this format.
Whether left and right margins accumulate.
This is your inward purity ;
the main warrior are 18
Agara was remain Mughal Empire's capital since 1526 to 1658.
The condition of the workers is also the worst .
They are fused together, so you can't separate them.
Hindustan samachar (in old font)
Error launching network wizard: %s
These two armies won Andaman and Nickobar islands from British.
showing that nicotine, which constricts your arteries,
And in Africa, the remote places,
And in the MRI and MR spectroscopy here, the
the entire difference between us and Asia would go away.
%d. IPv4 address has invalid prefix
First staeg - 18th March 1948
there's a centipede scrolling across your computer
Lists font sizes in points.
And they get inside, and they get it all on.
Your Ubuntu release is not supported anymore
We did a study, a scientifically designed process,
And this is what I tell my students:
At the end of the war friendly nations achieved success|
in the coastal part of the country,
The emperor then states :
that we have access to when we want them,
'%s=%s' is incompatible with '%s > 0'
Sugata Mitra: I took the experiment to South Africa.
Because if what we're interested in is terrorism,
from W.B. Yeats, who's someone you may know.
I mean, I didn't have any contact with any NGO.
workspace limit for empty substrings reached
It was done in South Africa.
“ Has it any mountains ? ”
when his doodles were, of course, “discovered”
also get to the bottom and stay there.
Vanity could not startup: %s
Why do they continue to exist ?
is access to the capacities of things.
Well, I don't think so.
Reading and Writing at Home
Fairy-tales for nice young ladies .
Whether the progress is shown as text.
United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea
How much each improvement cost;
Further copies of this leaflet are available by writing to:
And physicists came and started using it
No console (static) servers to be run
Enables experimental support for scale using pinch.
can stand out in the way that these things have.
This network is configured by your administrator.
in the process of using our cities?
Open Link in Inco&gnito Window
to a responsible, involved society
Format used mostly on the North American continent
Vegetarianism is deemed as a pious food.
in Number2000 canara bank also took back its case
But one late night, when I was compiling the report
then you have no emotion.
Project check read faulty Sequence tags.
the assumption being that sub-Saharan Africa
Now I think there's a vision here, a new technology,
Manifest file is missing or unreadable.
When he eliminates every kind of social differentiation.
when he was young, he was called Barry.
and for quite a long time
Image has unsupported number of %d-bit planes
“ You ' re saying dreadful things , Paul .
No applications available to open “%s” files
are moving towards creating India as a single market.
we eat this stuff up.
it takes you 500,000 microseconds
But there is a difference .
There were Shaivites , Vaishnavites and Jains .
We've done away with the caste system.
when you've given the tool
The first of them was inhabited by a king .
about the world than the chimpanzees.
And I think there are many
The first step March 18, 1948
and we can think about the future,
so government was release his.
Percentage of main ethnic groups: -
Our commonest Cicada is Platypleura .
where they can see the change,
we eventually found this one particular website.
In this movie Akbar's character was played byPrithvi Raj Kapoor.
The little prince made no reply .
Share this network with other users
A folder named “{0}” already exists. Can't open sketch.
someone else wrote: “Same thing here.
%s through %s has canceled the following assigned task:
“ On another planet ? ”
Maximum value level that can be displayed by the bar
How do services respond ? -LRB- Ch2 -RRB-
there were a fierce war between these two.
- A. A. Milne, author (1882-1956)
Subsequently , there were certain reductions .
for machine and all. Now, any rural woman can.
She was the spokesperson of this institute
TumblrPublisher: start( ): can't start; this publisher is not restartable.
Programs that are allowed to be run by alarms.
<b>%s</b> through %s has canceled the following shared memo:
We are a small fishing tribe
“If by some magic, autism had been
Please choose a different emblem name.
Whether to show the date-time column in the history window.
It has its own importance.
II . The breast .
Get the name of the schema applied to this key
And unless you've been on Mars recently,
But it has the ability
like all the village children,
Without any hesitation we own the responsibility for publishing .
Red Fort shining in the electric lighting at night
but you've made the environment bigger,
to avoid thinking about being wrong,
It has rocked the music industry.
Cannot add Search Folder “{0}”.
Right? It can happen in the stock market.
with a small ruling class here in the United States
Victim Support are also willing to help whenever they can.
Additional qualifications may be prescribed by law .
The system administrator has disabled your account.
Is Taj Mahal in realty the Temple of Lord Shiva?
So before I talk about this car for the blind,
He tolerated no disobedience .
it's best to be in the driver's seat.
and you can see this structure that,
Manage your S/MIME certificates here
About shrine our countryman have lot of devoutness.
There is a carbon calculator. Participant Productions convened,
File system is busy: %d open file
if you focus only on that link,
and therefore the Taliban came back.
No printer was found at that address.
show that in many instances the trend is downwards
There were sixteen factories lying idle in 1956 .
Intimacy :):):):):). Depth of entry :):):):). enter the dynamics :):):):)
Change - Arm chair position.
New Deal for people aged 25 plus
A. C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada
you're aware of the size of the room
Paul Vidal de la Blache
The time it takes to fully start %{SHORT_PRODUCT_NAME}
For one and two-parent families
that could not only mimic us better than rats
Copyright © 2008-2013 Lionel Dricot, Bertrand Rousseau
Our science is based on taxonomy and systematics .
What you're doing is, when you stand up,
He died on 7th November , 1862 in Rangoon .
His life-history on official website- in English
During this period , the villages turn very quiet .
is made from a single sheet of paper,
Rebuilding is always a tough task . ”
that cartoons had been used by both sides, actually.
Always show the bookmarks bar
I could hear someone breathing .
I found myself working on the front lines
Or your mind can be wired to be more social.
It said that deficiency of water was the main reason.
a way to make volumetric form
Constrain Y coordinate to workspace area
Totem does not support playback of Audio CDs
before we invented the microscope to see them.
Filtering new message in '%s'
the consequence of one particular set of adaptive choices
And this is where my story starts.
Information about the specialties of days of Deepawali.
mapped onto the same word.
Use the camera flash instead of the screen backlight.
7. Any other case which might be with no precedence
The rate of heart beat is 110 per minute .
Change Speed, affecting both Tempo and Pitch
That is what it is for knowledge to count.
CIE D50 (Printing and publishing)
Weekly and monthly budget scheme.
with the efficiency of McDonald's.
Trust this CA to identify software developers.
Screen size multiplier for horizontal virtual size
Lies , lies , lies .
All else is because He is .
Asia's gone from having one of the lowest rates of
Total Number of Vidhansabha seats is 403 in Uttarpradesh
O Kudala Sangama Lord !
Make each day your masterpiece.
See this also: Cities of India
There are lots of people who care about their freedom.
Browse bookmarked and local network locations
how to present your second self in a legitimate way,
Choose the default app for %{FILETYPE} files:
Only display an icon when battery power is critically low
What a waste of a life.”
Better still do not smoke at all .
today in europen states curry means the indian dishes
Whether to show the preview pane.
You were eaten by a Troggle. Press <Return> to continue.
Serial console not yet supported over remote connection
And for what was then a very small organization
depending on the places I would go -
But, the fact still is that it's not just that.
or in terms of traditional knowledge.
No installation of Chromium or Chromium Frame found to update.
How the player scores are calculated.
Printer '%s' has no toner left.
Cattle are the same way.
Of course, from their grandparents
and no VIPs to be given tickets to.
My ruins will also smell like my country.
and I'll respond to you.
What if my roommate knew about contemporary Nigerian music?
Draupadi was insulted in the Kaurav's assembly.
This sentence is in simplified Chinese.
Error while moving files to trash.
only one out of 100 senators was willing to vote
Is entitled to judicial review
Check that you have permission to delete the pattern.
Do another three hours work.
Don't ask me about Do plugins again.
dependent on their business card.
Formation of different Muslim Empires and modern Islam.
to make our communities better.
of the 21 apps that the fellows wrote last year.
So one of the things I look at is,
He regretted later that he ever wrote them .
List of states and union territories of India by population
So, it's an open loop control.
they were exploring the structure of the proton.
I know many well-intentioned non-Muslims
You may resample to one of the rates below.
He longed to look into her face .
His decision in all parliamentary matters is final .
Resolving dependencies of base packages...
in a whole array of different locations
2 My grand-daughter keeps losing her place on the page.
This helps to keep them clean .
and social problems and talk about it.
which are based on the knowledge of the people.
Error code %u when deleting an entry: %s
had anything up online for anybody to read.
Do you know enough about drugs ?
Syncing messages in folder '%s' to disk
Ejaculation takes place in two steps: excitement and complete ejaculation.
Submit a bug report using Bug Buddy
This name still used in Dutch.
And he would stare in wonder
Ahmedabad is known as India's first child-friendly city.
Get an archive of the list this message belongs to
invalid GVariant type string '%s'
The Sun raster image format
Similarly most of Pratapgarh Tonk Maalvadesh Zalavad and was under.
An Anti-Social Behaviour Order lasts at least two years .
Tweak all kinds of settings
Repairs which are not completed
So I developed a whole range around mass produced range,
Responses will be date stamped.
And if you look at cultures around the world,
Besides , there were numerous small refineries .
Chiranji Lal, Delhi's lapidry, was announced as the main artisan.
Could not find main class
then fall in prostration to him.”
people we're analyzing are based?
And I remember that lesson to this day.
between the spiritual world and the religious world.
complete with photos and videos and stories
and was placed in my hands.
And what Ashesi University is trying to do
As Christian iconography got changed,
And people will get the facilitiesa and services they want.
Create a new folder '%s'
is that people freak out.
First of all, worse nutrition,
of what a life well-lived looks like.
And his basic value was respect,
What are the different types of mouthguards ?
we're going to uncover deep truths
Maximum Nebula Magnitude to Label:
so a lot of wisdom never gets passed on,
I brought seven pairs of underpants
16. Hindu Festivals are related to happiness and joy.
And I said, “And I think the color is perfect,”
Heaven only knows what you think you saw .
Each line ends with Hoo Hoo sounds .
the dynamic and dramatic effects
Responses will have the IP address logged
These feelings are common .
He was founder of Radhaswami sect.
Pranav Mistry: So, there are lots of companies -
2.Bramha or great element is all over the wold.
The devices connected with your personal cloud are listed below.
70 percent: fanaticism and radicalism
who already are building wonderful innovations
Display notification when a member leaves
Move Focus to Previous Track
Desktop file didn't specify Exec field
than are put into malaria.
And now she was going to watch
VCPU info only available for running domain.
From here only 50% of travelers and cargo departs.
At certain places original Sanskrit text are alos available.
There's been kind of a series of epiphanies.
Show contact preview below the contact list
Cannot rename folder: %s: No such folder
12. High priority to protection of environment.
They simply listen and then begin to speak.
You have just inserted an Audio CD.
Failed to find expected PKCS#8 end tag '%s'.
Select the interface to use for the new service
because they're all speaking a different language.
Now I work in the solar technology industry.
-LRB- The author is a former Union cabinet secretary -RRB-
Project check found file inconsistencies inspecting the loaded project data.
and the Africa of disasters.
and have them tell a story about those four things.
Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur
The criminal disclosed all the facts of the case eventually.
even from Harvard, Oxford, is difficult.
Let Evolution choose the best part to show.
15. The biggest Mantra is Gayatri Mantra
against the 70 trained by them,
u can also listen to purans here
For several years this unit did good work there .
Unable to find session for user %s
International Ramayana Foundation, North America
He almost crushed her .
This side and that side of an edge (1957)
And he laughed again .
They also use the global nature of Internet
Al-Fihrist mentions a philosophical work by Bedba .
So I decided to go further in this direction
maybe see about 6,000 patients,
is diagnosed with autism, and although it's one of
Duplicate your video to multiple windows and/or video output modules
Nobody in my party is against Amar Singh .
Use the same fonts as other applications
that excited the imagination of people.
On a bus or train trip
and they earn 10 to 50 dollars a day.
Is it only children who get the disease ?
and it just has the dark matter in it.
Play another media synchronously (extra audio file, ...)
Here's what it looked like in the laboratory.
and easy access to meta-information
Last picture, it's a tattoo,
%s: Could not open FIFO
which is the grandfather of all micro-finance banks,
Date when file was moved to the Trash
Barbie & the Diamond Castle
but I'm also witness to acts of grace and courage
Visiting just 20% Indian workers
An invalid three-wheeler supplied by the DSS
<b>%s</b> (version <i>%s</i>) will be upgraded to version <i>%s</i>
All data was encrypted with your sync passphrase on %{TIME}
But, fear is better than apathy
A rising tide lifts all boats.
In females the yield of milk is greatly diminished .
In this region approximately 15,000 one room industries are situated.
All English street names ware exchanged by Indian names.
Whether we should smooth the stats data in the graph.
No MIME type defined in the bookmark for URI '%s'
The Lost World: Jurassic Park
Can't set value of '%s'
Create a Filter Rule for Sender...
Adjust for daylight saving time
“ What does that mean ? ”
Category:Terrorist incidents in Pakistan in 2011
You must enter the same passphrase twice.
The following cookies were blocked:
The last time China had a quake of that magnitude
There is provision of bicameral legislation in 6 state
In Hindi literature place of Kabir is incomparable.
a modern trading standards service
Error while loading the project
Trust in God - but tie your camel tight.
Now I know that seems ludicrous.
Additional parameters for module ${MODULE}:
Its peculiar (strange) talks would never end.
Please enter a valid filename.
Whether the menu has a tearoff item
Normally , the act of parturition occupies short time .
Must specify some schema files to install
Additionally, I've heard horror stories
The rest is covered by texts memory
It's just kind of, you just have to learn it.
[ or stored fuels ]
During his last days Gurudev started making pictures
a vast majority of them for the poor people.
The cover is open on printer '%s'.
Enables the “Action Box” experimental toolbar UI.
in which people develop their own solutions,
In use by LVM volume group ${VG}
was made in collaboration with these fishermen.
Category : Cities of India
Why do you think an operation (if suggested) is necessary?
Unable to get calculator display
or if you've got a 10-year-old now.
They do n't like this language .
but we think that storytelling can change the world,
Safely remove the drive associated with the open folder
Hide this information in the future
Silenced selected tracks for %.2f seconds at %.2f
who were not supposed to be readers.
with the highest burden of malnutrition,
complicated kind of a design, right?
called the Entrepreneurs' Organization and the Young Presidents' Organization.
the best investment, is school feeding.
what's going on in the mind of that other baby.
{0} went offline in the network {1}
The page at $1%{SITE} says:
bad governance, all of those things -
This building has to be placed at the ocean.
Phone : 0114 259 4074
And they think that means
if society's to make any progress on this issue,
Must specify key (schema name) as the only argument
The four arithmetic operations. Combine several arithmetic operations.
Weetabix TM (or similar) or cornflakes with semi-skimmed/skimmed milk.
let's use race cars for math.
sharing the rediscovery of wonder.
the fame, the money I got out of it.
our foreign services, the United Nations,
it doesn't get much investment.
reduces the confidence you have in the decision,
We ' re only two hours from Spain . ”
Such a technique was invented by John Gurdon .
There's stories that you may tell
so the fact that we haven't extended this list
Collection of selected speeches: Sambhashan(1974)
There are major changes in the dress code too .
we might think of this as “wrong”
2. Preparation of election list.
where instead of bringing in food,
Filename of a background image.
Invalid sequence in conversion input
to get the number of people who've seen it.
The child was , however , disappointed .
The guy said, “You know, when you true the wheels,
that we need to do more than we are.
Show process 'Nice' column on startup
Suspension from the Commonwealth of Nations
Now I am making films.
Nehru present report in this commission
to be an Iranian woman and an Iranian artist,
GL18 Help from the Social Fund
that we're all part of a greater whole.
and quickly did a prototyping on this,
Constitution Court's role in the development supreme
So, huge things in construction, real estate,
I love life because what more is there.
God says to his prophet Muhammad,
LDAP is disabled or no LDAP query defined.
Look at the list below .
The role of the Local Education Authority
Thank you and we're sorry for the inconvenience!
Uttarkand is the epilogue of the Rama's story.
The fort is a living example of Mughal architecture.
Then she saw them .
This whole thing is the result of it .
Rajasthan is a important state of India.
it's only when ideas take root that things change.
Nepal forest and Agricultural university
This path divides the garden in 16 lower level quarries.
Use “%s” to open the selected image
Error: Option '-terse' is specified the second time.
This has been decorated by geometric flowers, vines and fruits.
Only the stakes are very different .
I am witness to acts of generosity and kindness
The theme of this one,
Now people have a natural intuition
Please choose at most %d answer(s) for question “%s”
but above all - it must be safe .
which was founded by TEDsters including
Varuna has but a thousand eyes.
These five Prayags are unitedly called Pancha Prayag.
Screenshot from %s - %d.png
that 93 percent of Indian labor
Cycles to the next settings profile.
to make the ape stand up
that we see around the immigration issue.
Failed to restore ‘%s' from ‘%s': %s
The index of the current page
Jayathu Jayathu Samskritham (Hail Hail Sanskrit)
But Hitler was not a special interest about India
So Melcher Media's team, who's on the East coast -
Both the Armies captured the 'Andaman and Nicobar' Islands.
They work on more complex books .
Laptop battery is waiting to charge
Governments don't naturally pick these things in the right way.
in Mexico in the 1930s -
Not affected by income or savings
Area where notification icons appear
If we were doing it like they do it -
that can get you as high
And here, a company which licensed this herbal pesticide
Wednesday, September 00 0000 at 00:00:00 PM
Member states of the United Nations
But the extension of the logic is
wheelchairs and crutches, and so on.
Include a Delete command that bypasses Trash
The Joint Committee submitted its report in November 1934 .
Add a New Storage Pool
{0} joined the network {1}
So half the time, she acted
Arrr! Something tried to commandeer your settings!
up working as a beta on the net,
A sore throat is often the precursor of a cold.
” You have been a real blessing to me .
we made these graphs here.
these are the films were hit on the box office
Allow sending posts to this account
A : Oh , I am very relaxed .
Truncate not allowed on input stream
List of Indian folk dances
Dil Hai Ke Manta Nahin
Writing data to %s Don't unplug until finished
Display notification when a member goes offline
Failed to connect to session bus:
around the location where he parked.
Failed to get all entries in ‘%s': %s
Nazi Migration in Germany and meet Hitler
so I need to train five times a week,
Schema '%s' is relocatable (path must be specified)
every actor in every movie,
the Islamic Revolution had descended on Iran
and see, state by state,
Could not load schemas from %s: %s
This person did a derivative
Big shots are only little shots who keep shooting.
Dashdwar se saupun tak (1965)
of trabeculae are so strong that they actually inspired
About three or four years ago,
{0} joined the network {1} and {2} other network
After seeing this we can make out the inner beauty
MMR contains three separate vaccines in one injection.
There were no English medium schools at that time,
If in doubt talk it over with them .
I spend a lot of time
Thus it's name is Atharvaveda.
A person with excessive preoccupation for his health has?
This shortfall should be reversed in the Ninth Plan.
They move south and reach the Arabian Sea.
about the horrible sufferings, for example,
Click on the red duck
Aged 50 or over ?
Missing elements in JSON array to conform to a tuple
that actually got below market returns
H11 NHS hospital travel costs
height has been taken care of.
Agrakay or Prati Kriyasheel army case
for this reason they were given independent states
Indian food is a sweet union of taste and smell
He did not answer .
to keep it right on the cutting edge.
Could not write pilot's ToDo application block
if you spin opposite pairs of rotors
These are tricky puzzles because your first instinct
Lohadi is a festival of fire worship .
I grew up in a traditional Mexican family.
is, again, it's a view that's held by pro-globalizers
Recently used second time zones in a Day View
for as long as two years,
Bob Bigelow, a private space station, and Carmack.
The Congress activities were also increasing day by day .
InfiniBand device does not support connected mode
Jalal ud din Firuz Khilji
Class and Caste occupied special place in olden Hindu society
18 . Can insulin be taken by mouth ?
We are the only species
And if you actually look in their brains,
she spent most of her life in Allahabad at Uttarpradesh
Whether to hint Xft fonts; 0=no, 1=yes, -1=default
They were actually attacking them.
Required people and one resource
Intention is very important in sound, in listening.
Play and organize your music collection
The horizontal position of the login window.
In the stories and poem dictionary of Hariwanshrai Bacchan.
Coronary heart disease and stroke;
Miller's archive may have been better written
Impossible to link plugin pads
makes globalization all the more attractive to Indians.
was in the English language.
He concluded his thesis with the following words :
which contains 1.25 billion verses.
of the way in which human beings
Width of process 'owner' column
The file could not be read.
Restore owner of '%s' to '%s'
There was much effect on Agronomy.
not verbal. Thinks in pictures.
This was a meditation program inside the prison
It hasn't changed as we were growing up.
Enables using 'adview' HTML elements in packaged apps.
about one percent, two percent a year -
Open the selected photo's directory in the file manager
On (Forced by the system administrator)
3 . Filling in the form
Use manual layout in new windows
I grew up with this woman.
National Gallery of Modern Art
Originally, this temple was constructed in the 4th century.
What else can I do ? ”
depends on one crucial fact,
And also according them a level of sympathy.
Sleep timeout display when on AC
Error reading file '%s': %s
and give it another fold.
Options specifying the vertical behaviour of the child
From Ravana character one realises that ego leads to doom.
The ostensible reason was the bloodbath on the Nasdaq .
our governments find it more productive
Important aspects of parliamentary government
Whether to preview sounds when mousing over an icon
Sorry, could not change the owner of “%s”: %s
Questions that had no answer .
Whole class - shared reading and writing
automatically syncs with my digital calendar -
The first four Vedas were composed, which was first Rigveda.
That is an unknown part of them.
But I actually came to this issue
a really interesting behavior emerges: decoration.
Install the elilo boot loader on a hard disk
These were journeys without a map or a passport .
but with others they communicate in simple Hindi .
sosreport build tree is located at : %s
Brahma has two forms: Parabrahma and Aparbrahma
Hindi English Dictionary P.D.F. Format
And the Government Research Bureau
The circular chaitya is brick-built .
So I looked at them right away,
Maximum age of recently used files, in days
And morality relates to these truths.
come to empathize with you.
Automatically associate .ino files with Arduino
Extra space at the bottom
And then I think, “Ah this is cool.”
OI Update - List of new versions
Reload from disk (ignore local changes)
Comedian, presenting comedy to the you tuber.
included in specific types of response.
Can not start thread: error writing TLS.
Do not monitor library directory at runtime for changes
and then lots of logistics and affordability issues.
Iran also had same condition.
News attention article on terrorism an specialised websites
Error while loading code {0}
He kept silent and did not reply .
Now, what is the beauty in it?
So it's clear that things are changing.
transactions can be influenced by our social institutions,
The religious dogma took the following form .
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
Join and create local networks over the Internet
The Density of Population Per Sq. Km is 123 persons.
because it showed how the state's chief minister,
Sachin married Anjali tendulkar in 1995.
Question group import is complete.
Add a new search engine
The depiction is quite powerful and realistic .
(By M Q M regional committee, Peshawar
Move, copy, rename, and delete files.
” Well , that ' s good .
Evaluation - Woman's (Receiver)convenience.... Woman's (Receiver)troubles.... Woman's (Receiver)pleasure
Things can scale up, and they have scaled up.
Where do you want to put ${RELEASE}?
The force of the argument impressed the king .
and I asked him, I said,
What ' s wrong ?
Peoples Leadership Rules Research 1988 has researched these topics.
The five key areas are:
Backing Evolution accounts and settings
This survey is not yet started.
Try “%s -help” for more information.
You need to learn only one thing more . ”
Increase time speed (a little)
“Was it your mom or your pop that influenced you?”
by a company called Spread Networks.
Indian believes that truth always wins and lier loose it.
do change the world -
from a couple thousand years ago is what's relevant today.
and he tried to write down, and did write down,
upload it - I'll give you all the details -
There is awareness in people also on this subject.
Access the USB device %{PRODUCT_NAME} from %{VENDOR_NAME}.
To do so, proceed as follows:
and send me the data,
I ' m just an ordinary chap .
Every group of {0} numbers sums exactly {1}.
Please review the following messages:
Switch between open windows using a menu
The font description used for the icons on the desktop.
“monism,” “dualism,” categories all over the place.
You do not have to get any other benefits
List of English words of Indian origin
On december 2000 the fort was attacked by Laskera-toiaba,terror group
Null values are ignored in calculations
into the wider world, into action.
SELinux context must be non-NULL
The maximum time displayed for history
Offline IMI for Indian languages by Google
We changed our logo, for the day, from the alien
Only that he prefers to build them on earth .
I was only four years old
But there were no maps, no maps of roads,
But again I would say that this is our moment
Paulisa and Pulisa -LRB- p . 70 -RRB- .
on the history of major innovations.
but this is really creepy for an entrepreneur.
Soor's Krishna is a form of love and melody.
which is to get a bunch of stuff,
when do those citizens of the world
Its coat is soft and comparatively thin .
no one ever says, “Hey, be an entrepreneur.”
I mean, we have critical infrastructure.
things like generosity and mercy and foresight and wisdom
If he picks up a book in the bookstore,
The collection of the best poems of Bachchan
In theory , the Congress is committed to privatisation .
If you're already 100, or even if you're 80 -
my goodness, they talk well.
Rhythmbox couldn't read the CD information.
people are either incredibly delighted to see you,
(Note: Requires restart of the application)
24. Are you planning legal action?
Do not show image for remote logins
What is this leaflet about? <s> A
Many others have echoed this dire prediction.
List of South Korean regions by GDP
What I'm about to say,
The danger-level in men is 165 percent .
Send reminder email to this entry
with the conclusions of the article.
Oops, Sync has stopped working.
http://www.dti.gov.uk/consumer/whitepaper <s> Telephone enquiries 0171 215 6458
the process was in the planning instead.
the wordings of that entered in the hearts
and I think that's really important.
Open the selected bookmark in a new tab
Finally a Drafting Committee published the Bill .
that are tackling our grandest challenges, from energy
♫ We are 12 billion light-years from the edge ♫
we end up checking our phones all the time.
and so many other small algorithms are going on inside.
Error writing to file: %s
I found myself listening to a lot of episodes
Rhgit-k- Phonetic transliteration tool for writing Hindi
We English teachers reject them all the time.
that there could be bridging?
which are analog, static, interactively passive.
to risk a quarter acre,
so I can't go on a pilgrimage.”
'Shatranj Ke Khiladi' in 1977 and 'Sadgati' in 1981.
No LDAP server or base DN specified in '%s'
Show mounted volumes on the desktop
Ved - Considered greatest content of Hindu religions great parties
A savegame with the name {name} already exists.
Using block size of %ld
a willing suspension of disbelief
Width of process 'virtual memory' column
Daemon failed to acquire gconf service: %s
that we have from food and fiber and so forth,
because, on the one hand, I think that
The sins of past failures are already showing .
Autonomous prefectures of the People's Republic of China
One of them is the idea of linearity,
Laptop lid close action when on AC
[Just look at the people who built our country;]
- Linus Pauling, chemist, (1901-1994)
After this Subhashbabu was came Calcutta and meet with Dasbabu.
So I run right upstairs.
How does it feel to realize you're wrong?
As I watched the wind's choreography unfold,
like Emil Durkheim, it leads to increased rates of suicide.
between legal and illegal copying.
I'm worried that we are running into problems
That's not what I think you take for granted.
arteriography, before and after a year, and
This temple is a part of UNESCO's international heritage.
works on two acres or less.
Path on SSH server to Tomboy synchronization directory (optional).
and they consoled me during my own tough times.
Bheeshma and others Gurus do not deserve your feelings.
country's cricket team has won the world cup(1992)once
Look under citizens advice bureaux in the phone book.
But what doesn't usually come to light
If TRUE, users can resize the window
Failed to read output from SpamAssassin:
And a blonde one at that !
it will never go into your stomach.
Unlike the one-way entertainment of the 20th century,
Failed to update data source “{0}”.
And I added , with some hesitancy :
And there is a long pause.
The bullocks are good for work .
eight year-old boy on your right
that have this kind of spectrum -
below this is mumtaz burial chamber
List of islands of Africa
This field can be of many sizes and shapes
No one knows why she did so .
Kids take enjoyment from firecrackers and fireworks.
creating GSocket from fd: %s
coupled with an emotional experience.
I sat down and I thought, “What is going on?”
will be at some sort of cusp.
Pointer to unknown external data (“%s” type)
at prices they can afford.
because I was a victim.
Population of Agra has 53% men and 47% women.
Peoples busyness increased the consumers life standard and expense capacity.
{0} is already in the list
Unicode 32 bit Big Endian (UTF-32BE)
Graph color for cached memory
What do you do when you grow up?”
His contemporaries made faces, like the ones you see here.
And, as often happens in America,
Switch between equatorial and azimuthal mount
They also carried several guns each .
primary health, roads, build hospitals and clinics.
But for the rest of my life,
Delegate can see private items
and that is the I of divinity.
who are at the level of rage
Your wishes will be respected.
Wireless mouse is low in power (%.0f%%)
about the Middle East conflict.
Modern poet : 7 (1961)
that are trying to compete for their attention
The update has already been downloaded, but not installed
and go to a website to try to decide
Sarson ka Saga (A name associated with an Indian Cuisine/recipe)
Evolution Contacts CSV and Tab Importer
Traders often belong to trade associations .
- you unreasonably make yourself unemployed .
He was never seen by anyone after this day.
When you are at home.
List of dams and reservoirs in India
The phone number parser reported an yet unkown error code.
they put it back into the market.
“ I had a vision . ”
because fear makes us do something.
Not supported (not same directory)
See your optician for further details .
tennis / sport | ballet
Orientation and growth direction of the progress bar
If it is there it can be done right now.
Can anyone use the HACCP system?
How will I be involved ?
Till the onset of the 13th century
Guides you through your initial account setup.
Sheep by nature are docile and obedient .
Right about the time the internet gets going
Failed to load shared library '%s' Error '%s'
and they are deliberately distorting it
Power on the virtual machine
One thousand prisoners who sat in meditation.
only serve to mask the core issue,
Do you really want to use this path?
When he sings songs from our childhood,
But as I get older, I'm also very nuanced
Jobseeker's Allowance ( JSA )
because paper doesn't prevent the rain
we can divide Uttar pradesh mainlyin three parts
And I think any wise life will accept
Then he was elected as Mayor of Calcutta
a pasting I'd done a year earlier -
6. sur has written kuta lines in some places
Display playlists and their contents
State and centrally ruled region
The store owned one of those machines
The Role of the Court
Setting firmware variables for automatic boot
The security origin of the database
Here we see ylang ylang,
Manage the X resource database
From here it came to Pakur through Mirzapur,Patna,and Bhangalpur.
to the ethnosphere where we're going to take our audience
He performed the funeral ceremony of his decendants
you guys are making my life miserable,
That's one of the big changes.
seeing their activities drupad was confirmed that those were Pandavas.
There was an error getting information about “%B”.
Graph color for disk read
Write a story that your child has told you .
10. Please explain why the patient cannot make the complaint
Allah will make it misleading
1999 Great American Insurance ATP Championships
These are the two pictures
3 . Filling in the form
that the Western media largely presents to its audience.
Those paladin were given good respect in Akbar court.
She did it in secret,
Dasbabu became the Mayer of Kolkata.
I had other options, but I didn't choose them.
Why was that part funny?
Hang up the current call
it's still more mangoes you can eat before they rot.
But the demands of the present are imperious . ”
♫ so look who I got born - Clonie. ♫
Power Manager for the GNOME desktop
My belief is that the airplane of the future
He wanted to tell him about Fatima .
A subtree is already exported for %s
not when we realize it, but before that -
So then, a dilemma rose in the mind that,
The kharif 1998-99 crop was also no better.
getting invited to the conferences,
It all begins with curiosity.
In internet connected computers exchange information according to internet protocols.
and you can get shot by those who fully believe.
There's nothing I can do as a cartoonist.
Show process 'PID' column on startup
in the streets of Tehran -
He was psychologically unstable and prone to hypochondria.
When it comes to our stories,
Even your sexual organs get more blood flow,
Subashbabu was in jail in 1930
and you're capable of infecting Windows computers,
List of central business districts
The Exchange account will be disabled when you quit Evolution
our model can move closer to our feelings.
You may not create two accounts with the same name.
When it is darkest, men see the stars.
And as these dark clouds were circling me,
101 - 103 Oldham Street
is that if we take some skin cells, let's say,
No network connection detected, you can not download changelog information.
Later he known with the same name.
I basically embedded a computer
Fax : 020 7921 4411
Ancient Roman units of measurement
If TRUE, details are shown
and follow the forces which occur in your component.
The sow should be served at this time .
So we didn't get caught this time.
I worked out recently that
With Sita, Ram, and all Vanaras Ram reached Ayodhya.
If in doubt , seek an independent second opinion .
Vanity could not initialize the configuration engine: %s
The average rainfall in this part is 50-90 cm.
Sikander Lodi built Agra city in the 1506 AD.
and it is easier to get up.
and the gap between my hopes for myself,
The city has some of the most beautiful architecture
Resize mode of the column
and deposit in the rooms.
Why don ' t they come out !
I thought, “I'm in the sports rally or something.
Show totals either rows, columns or both rows and columns
So we'll start with the hippocampus, shown in yellow,
of the sea area that it's pumped back out into.
to the 200 million children in India?
to tell the story in their own words .
new India times a attractive place.c
What a queer idea ! ”
We recognize them in relation to corporations.
This poor kid, clearly a prop -
A minute passed after the pronouncement of the sentence .
For example, a trillion dollars
They do not wear any clothes as such .
Failed to open file '%s': %s
Use SpamAssassin daemon and client (spamc/spamd).
Hindustan News (In old font)
is that a Feynman sandwich
can't load any font, aborting
and the governments are trying hard to fight this
She was the worlds first test tube baby.
Ther are '2'Town corporations and remaining total 150 munciple corporations.
for our summer holidays next year.”
that we first got working in the summer -
Notecard (3 x 5 in.)
at particular distances and directions
So , why not place a ban on smoking ?
The permissions of “%s” could not be determined.
that went into some dormant accounts
He pasted up portraits all over his reservation.
and why it's so very very important, I think.
Failed to initialize the encryption cipher slot.
Rising towards Stardom 1973 - 1983
as globaloney, the difference between the dark blue bars
Failed to open display “%s”.
Use only the local spam tests (no DNS).
I am not against English or other foreign languages .
You ' re going to live here . ”
Christopher Belly and Tim Harper
Diwali Ledgers his old alter the second day trader
.One inning gets over when:
Other children may read hesitantly .
feeling and reality are the same.
Failed to initialize the MD5 engine: %s / %s.
it's we, life, who are searching.
They don't know the language of face contact,
The Mahabharata was like that as well, wasn't it?
Thinking about death clarifies your life.
Please choose your video input device:
She went like a grandmother
This becomes obvious from the use of the term .
When I launched my wish last year,
digging through the rubble of one of our cities.
and now asking for their rights.
{0} came online in the network {1}
8 hours average Carbon Mono Oxides (mg/cub.m)
that every culture has an origin story.
Failed to parse cookie data
So, having experimented in all sorts of remote places,
It's victimless. It's meat from a test tube.
List of sovereign states and dependent territories by population density
into the kinds of addresses
the wave function is always very smooth -
NDEBUG defined, all asserts disabled.
Tel : 0808-800-1000 -LRB- information line -RRB-
Rights and standards throughout the NHS
I started getting letters from people,
You understand the full scope of the project.
The Qazi tried civil , criminal and religious cases .
YUV2 textues are not supported
You directly observe a few simple things.
which means “the naked, wise man.”
Move one or more files from SOURCE to DEST.
Survey does not pass consistency check
You can help your child's teacher.
Image too large to be saved as ICO
But it's solid proof is not available.
We think that polemics -
Minimize to tray on close
She brought 10 of the women with whom she interacts
Other useful contacts for carers
Block JavaScript on these sites
in the world today for people
because it loses something if I don't, you know -
File already exists in database
can still be a viable model.
When I arrived in L.A.
which we all know that feeling:
with data handwritten on pieces of paper,
Would you like to search with %{NEW_GOOGLE_HOST} instead of %{CURRENT_GOOGLE_HOST}?
Often one doesn't know what one wants to do,
Gandhian economy, ignoring the killing and Rural India
even when the things we take for granted
And we tested this by exposing American babies
This country over here is China. This is India.
a step closer to peace.
Unable to find default local directory monitor type
to move their way through society,
Whether to disable the plugins in the user's home directory
[aging] is simply a product of evolutionary neglect.
and the Statue of Liberty and the Hudson River.
in a village in Senegal
Delete the files in the rpmbuild build directory
to mix with other genes,
that might be offering us any new capabilities.
This is a training ground to sort out the Regulars
“%s” expects the third argument to be a string
has been increasing only arithmetically.
Create a Google Account now
Can use the keyboard arrow to move an object.
Enter your name and password for the server “%s”.
that they must change all their wicked ways
But the educational message must be the right one.
after some months he was released.
This region comes under Uttranchal now.
By noon, king Yudhishthira killed him.
that there are right and wrong answers
detract resources and attention away from the real science
And on the left side, you'll see the processed video
is I took all of the interviews
I shall be closing the door of my room .
It continued for five years.
Whether the device is enabled
you can solve the problems of poverty in the world.
I call this shiny tiger.
Could not open file: %s: %s
Because we had different models
One of the referees who refereed the paper said,
that are perhaps a little more comfortable
And it got it 50 percent of the time -
List of Indian state flowers
to promote open and competitive markets
This first one's called “the lean.”
Go back to the menu and correct errors?
There was an error using the Google API.
His mother's name was Swarup Rani Neharu.
that are created by its star
Clean user and system cruft
in the Aurignacian Period some 35,000 years ago, or earlier.
She has won numerous awards for Hindi literature.
Kauthumi Branch and. (Kauthumi is a branch of Samved)
The other part was how do you address
Could not retrieve state from processing pipeline
locale '%s' cannot be set.
The translation failed because of a server error.
So let me show you some of nature's patterns
Could not compress the item
Could not initialize the package information
but letters of really strong concern:
In this exercise, revolutionist Chandrasekhar Azad also helped him.
some 30 years, 25 years ago when this canal came.
Printer '%s' is currently off-line.
not in terms of power you wield,
Please enter the nickname you want to use.
to know that the words go from left to right
She has created krishna,s devoted poems.
and that is that people want
If what we're worried about is poverty and development,
_Update the network list every %S _second
It was at a time when investment was coming in,
There is a very Pleasant place. Inside the fort.
Write K-scripto - Download for offline applicatione
Are you sure you want to delete these {0} tasks?
For Jayalalitha , the masses are there .
and the magnitude of the problem that we face.
Or you could actually meet my need.
National Institute of Technology, Warangal
Can you hear them ?
You can bet your life ! ”
Missing aliased audio file: '%s'
See our website: www.workpermits.gov.uk for further details.
Kushinara's 'Hindi Tools' Installer this included IME
The version of “%s” is too old
every year for the last 20 years.
List of airports by IATA code: H
Actual figure is 4.2 crores.
Newton's law of universal gravitation
The human knowledge continuesly in upper class one.
there is a lot of people that may have retired
Failed to get configuration file path from '%s'
And she went, “Haha. There's no such thing.”
However, for one day a year,
Color profile is already imported
Mumbai port is India's best sea port.
down to A, down to G, down to F.
An important software update is available
Guys are flaming out academically;
To be compassionate is not a joke.
and then every patient gets their teleconsultation with a doctor.
Extra output was generated during Package Manager operation
we noticed a couple of interesting things, which you'll see.
and it actually has three major innovations
Display the previous unread message
Specify an applet IID to load
I have one climate crisis;
Where to read automatic proxy configuration from.
Could not open this file type
<b>%s</b> has delegated the following meeting to you:
Unable to add user to access control list:
Please insert a writable CD or DVD.
Some are actually on the brink of extinction.
Category: 1976 (Honored with)Padma Bhushan
Then the Indian Army took control of the Fort
a rented car, a camera
Enter passphrase for secure key for %s on %s
Public reaction was swift and intense .
and he was welcomed by a non-profit group,
he took me to the pathology lab
The linga-pitha is circular .
to staff your city's call center,
but what I really wanted was a family
Unable to connect to '%s':
The added weight behind compensates for this .
So, Ramayan should be of the age before buddha.
The Guru Drona took over as General of the army
report the crime to the police promptly;
Sanskritum - Google discussion group about Sanskrit
the lake people, in [unclear] operations.
if you know what's going on in Providencia.”
What is the assumption behind Mamata 's accountancy ?
Oops, something went wrong with signing in
Could not open folder '%s': %s
Orca Screen Reader and Magnifier
6.1 Most important subject in federal index.
Water was the main reason behind this.
They're just learning how to count.
R.S.S. is an english acronym for Realy Simple Syndication.
and insisting that comprehensive planning can be addressed everywhere.
Well, you could resist the temptation
Show version of installed program and exit
Now, why do you have to consume the tea?
But we can change all those things I mentioned.
He thrust his arms out .
Repeat the contents rather than scaling them horizontally
In the core temple the God's worship takes place.
you turn to a person next to you and say,
Select the calendars for alarm notification
Population density is 123 per square K.M.
that might have created this neutrino.
when it comes to understanding
and I'm going to talk about the role
I love it that we have a global language.
In Indian sport we don't make things happen,
The number stanzas in Varaha Puran is twenty four thousand
Look for subtitles for the currently playing movie.
by a kind, white foreigner.
The track is shorter than 6 seconds
TB develops gradually. <s> The most common symptoms are:
most of Tibet & Xinjiang
I envy sometimes the artists of the West
U.S. officials, just a couple of weeks ago,
Are you sending the Ombudsman all the papers ?
elbow / knee | wrist
that we can do with IMPASS.
Remove this criterion from the search
and yet I stand firmly with the optimists
Error removing old /etc/fstab entry
Because of his passion for them there were nine(9)well skilled
Learn more about phishing scams.
Live and Let Die (film)
that what you share becomes the context of shared narrative,
View items as a list
Lipic.in.- Hindi typing in simple way.
Know what is normal for you
“ Maktub , ” she said .
And so I want you to meet Jacqueline,
of the Harvard Business Review.
very, very differently. And there is Latin America.
“%s” expects the second argument to be a string
{0} joined the network {1} and {2} other network
Task Manager - Google Chrome
Address type not supported by SOCKS server
and by looking for this blue light,
The average annual yield is less than 500 grams .
is something we were born into.
So what I'm going to do is show you
After the death of husband her affection get increased.
Do not sync my passwords
Most accidents take place in the home.
because my mother was a single mom,
Fax no : 0114 259 4073
His head is so heavy, full of heavy thoughts,
to expect a regular paycheck.
Identifying Your Baby in Hospital
He disappeared into the tent .
Freedom of expression in India
Indirect XDMCP is not enabled
and we'll hand a lot of aid,
Tajmahal Styith is a tomb in Agra city of India
Could not remove the folder %B.
why can't governments and NGOs do the same thing?
type his email or command and pull the paper out.
Screen %d on display '%s' is invalid
And this is the result of the farmers-needs research.
In Masjid one can see best example of vastukala.
Its architecture and beauty mezmerizes the tourists
The second one was about a woman complaining
However, still, as you can see,
The GtkTextIter at which the completion was invoked
Bone grows around the anchor .
West Bengal State Electricity Board
So I would go and collect for all the papers.
Category : President of America
Anger blows out the candle of the mind.
And they say “It's 18 minutes.”
And these ones who have washing machines,
The brain has about 10 cells called neurons .
Copy QR code to clipboard
but worry about the perception of how people see themselves
to communicate and interact with each other.
Pixels of extra space on the right side
in coming to the agreement,
One is in India, where there are 240 million farmers,
And Bill, if you're here, nobody thinks you're megalomaniacal.
get ready, because more is coming.
There are %s orphaned quota members which can be deleted.
Failed to unsubscribe from folder “{0}”.
to craft an honor code themselves.
Kartikeya leapt on his peacock
The width of your view when Stellarium starts
As the Koran promises, patience is rewarded,
Rajasthan is a state of India.
Make default for this computer (%s) only
Auto zoom out returns to initial direction of view
Check for available updates automatically
I like your hair .
this newspaper published in Delhi and mumbai
There's an old African proverb that some of you know
Connect to the selected drive
when we say, “This isn't brain surgery,”
This is very, very simple.
kuraan solves individual,legal,political,private and also business matters.
got together with the rest of the community
National Institute of Fashion Technology
Debug only if manifest URL ends with debug.nmf
In a related German study,
Compare that to the secondhand smoke debate -
Whether to automatically mount media
This makes the control of chemical pollutants very difficult .
And if we now compare the face of the statue,
- Kahlil Gibran (1883-1931), Syrian Poet
in | under | through
is transmitted generation from generation
Today, people in Silicon Valley and elsewhere
suddenly our lives become instantly more sustainable.
you will see an obsession with binary logic,
That if we involve them in their education,
It's an honor to have you at TED.
Indian Space Research Organisation Satellite Centre
It was an amazing story -
with a kind of life that people want to live.
would give her the crackers if she liked the crackers,
will seek out the ambiguities
Drive the crane and copy the model
Let entire world be enemy but let us fight
In short, technology, the internet,
They've overtaken Germany as the largest exporter.
thoughts of leaders on Sanskrit(in english)
%s: Could not open log file for display %s!
Whether the action group is visible.
Agricultural practices remained unchanged .
Our course was clear .
Certain qualitative achievements must also be noted .
He had the audacity to question my decision.
List of airports by IATA code: W
or that won't benefit me.
List of Hindi film actors
“Should I stay, or should I flee?”
Ruby Bridges helped end segregation in the United States,
You could build one in your backyard . ”
Selects a single calendar or task source for viewing.
and, of course, now I'm even further away.
Do not ask again during this session
Now if we look at the economic imperative here,
Amar Singh gate, fort of Agra.
It entails understanding the pain of the other.
It is years since I have seen anyone yawning .
Browse in %'d New Tab
Password required for “vnc” authentication
What an achievement that is.
Can't read value of key '%s'
Insufficient memory to open TIFF file
Dasbabu was very happy to see him.
and I think about all the people across this continent
We take the water from the sea
So we had to start from scratch.
GSM and CDMA facilities are available in city
Human knowledge is constantly increasing.
Allow different layouts for each window
So I went back to work,
And she arranges them so that the viewer
in the way that we fought for democracy.
The chance for greatness, for progress and for change
You don't want Americans to die. Protect our troops.
3 -RRB- determine critical control points
Your password will expire in the next %d days
Though its original date of development is unknown.
over the last 20 years,
the Director of the World Trade Organization,
But if we are in a reflective mood
This profile is intended for the 5-inch JetBook.
He was seriously ill in their last days of life.
Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe (Prevention of Atrocities) Act, 1989
And it's only by linking positive things
she was given seven years of hard labor.
Next to it is the grave of Sha Jahan.
List of cities in Mongolia
That ' s how the world goes . ”
and we feel like millionaires.
Anti-Hindi agitations of Tamil Nadu
The memo could not be deleted due to an error
It is situated at 171 meters(561 feet) above sea level.
So what if before my Mexican trip
less than seven percent of the children
“ I shall not leave you . ”
He helped me tackle the twin challenges
Charles had married Catherine De Bergenza.
.This Sangam is an important pilgrimage for Hindus.
that they had so much inside them.
And most of all, a kind of normalized political fear
blank faces, slightly antagonistic -
A storage path must be specified.
Enable local first-load NTP in Instant Extended.
is said to have a very high entropy.
And this is what changed.
A hash table representation of the color scheme.
British government has not satisfied this demand.
The Code however is not merely proce-dural law .
and that was from one human to another.
jealously insisting on no other gods.
I beg that you will excuse me .
that you're starting to see in your new world.
Enables workspace switching via 3 finger vertical scroll.
motels that would round up all of their food
that you can respond to the problem?
who smile as many as 400 times per day.
I come through all sorts of problems, including
whose primary name is the compassionating, the compassionate.
if you believe in the infrastructure view,
Check that they have the right video codecs installed.
Do full disk search for installer ISO image?
Editor could not be loaded.
they were not even protesting.
Show visual effects when no video is displayed
Could not determine original location of “%s”
and you'll have a healthier lifestyle.
You may also skip signing in and %{LINK_START}browse as Guest%{LINK_END}.
In India this is called an ASHA worker.
Phone no: 0114 259 4425
Your child 's best road safety teacher is you
where you can see we use fatty cells as insulation,
Leave the disc open to add other files later
where these guys are buying infected computers.
Could not load Wi-Fi user interface.
the british government gave no answer to this.
Our first campaign was investigating the role
This was another hero generation
“ What ' s funny about that ?
both the counterpart feel relaxed during the process
Some far-fetched symbolism instead of no-nonsensical business ?
, cannot have single-frame paths
And I asked myself, why?
Unsupported depth for ICO file: %d
The U.N. ran headfirst into a problem
Do not send a screen shot
which means “Electricity, water and roads.”
Category: Honored with Saraswati Title
and then they go through their second self's adolescence.
He campaigned against un-touchability .
So it used to be fairly easy to know
First came the brutal military tactics .
has inspired human beings to think beyond the obvious.
We did our due diligence.
Purana's explains through the god and godesses stories,sin-virtue ,morality-immorality,right-wrong.
You can build multiple buildings by holding the 'SHIFT' key.
These are generally tri rathas with front mandapas .
Coarse and dry fodder should be avoided .
that kept him from drugs and gangs
those who challenged,got wrong path
and project all the pictures that he's taken,
Whether to enable frame flattening.
one day they're suddenly taken out
and the photos would get revealed by themselves.
was killed and run over.
Failed to load file “%s”: %s
about the potential of students.
something that would contribute further to global welfare.
It's a horrific story. Someone took a bottle of Tylenol,
Give you a different view about what the design
But machines alone do not a successful business make .
So let me just mount some drives. Go over there.
In fact, someone on Reddit thought,
that if he sent his daughter back to school,
It 's time Modi met Joshi .
And that's twice the energy output, weight for weight,
The militants remained undeterred .
Today , the New Great Game is afoot .
It's also an idea that we have forgotten.
In the map the Nepal is like a rectangle
After a reflective silence he answered :
Whether we should show the history data points
How should we really honor Feynman?
Yahaaan Main Ghar Ghar Kheli
The original password was incorrect
such as cooking or making ice sculptures
Indian coastline is 7516.6 km long.
until you get 10 in a row.
Temporarily hide all messages that have already been read
And even if you were … ”
Now education is a field
So why work with children?
in 1950 in kolkata they have founded missionaries of charity
Nominated member of Rajya Sabha (Parliament)
No cookie loaded. Attempting to connect without.
learn their religious and mythological folk tales.
That's why in negotiations often, when things get tough,
All these mountains form the borders of six countries
So I went back there
Both are being attempted .
The amount of space between children
.The ending portion of these Vedas is called Upanishad.
And this really gets at some of these ideas
Ladies and gentlemen, this story has not yet been published.
Data source '%s' does not represent a MAPI folder
For example, there's no such thing
You'll see these called flashbulb events
Boy: This one lighted up, and this one nothing.
Could not open link: %s
to distribute, and a dollar to buy the net.
Premchand's compositions were diverse in views and thoughts.
This is more a way of life than a religion.
As you know, we are very interested in
The religious books provided to them was called as Koran
(uncheck when recording “stereo mix”)
what I call a G2G model,
There is a temple here as well, dedicated to gangaji
at Dorset Orthopaedic in England
not to do a cartoon
Could not evict member “{0}”
Failed to open file '%s': %s
And I mean by this -
But all I learned about work-life balance
Saves the currently viewed tab
a look inside the hearts and minds
Only perform screen updates during vertical blanking period
If You are Dissatisfied with Your NHS Services
First time ever going out of her village.
on the Barefoot architects of Tilonia.
Error loading some configuration sources: %s
Micro Emission is fall down from 80%.
The future confronts them .
And you feel something about that -
Collection of selected languages and translation (1974)
Have you got a new job that is:
as, what I call, food for humanity.
If Alexander's belief influenced his behavior,
the most sophisticated solar cooker.
Akbar acted sincerely and consistently on this principle .
As per 2001 population sensus Mumbai'spopulation was 11,914,398.
Color ASCII art video output
%s: Could not read Session ID
Could not make directory ‘%s': %s
Choose a new password for the '%s' keyring
He was brought up by Sudhodan's second Queen Mahaprajawati.
Lucknow is the capital of Uttar pradesh
Group windows when space is limited
Mahabharata's 18 parvas and 100 up-parvas is divided
And we can therefore visualize a space
as being like defective grownups,
and yet that - the most apocalyptic scenario
Whether to show hidden files
WORKING IN EARLY YEARS , CHILDCARE AND PLAYWORK
I was pretty stunned at how bad things are.
investigating a $1 billion -
Automatically update on change in source folders
Incidentally, I'll tell you what that super-powerful technique was.
The convict is now in a sense free .
Select the LDAP query you want to run:
“ Don ' t think about it now .
Failed to shut down backend
they actually, each one has a different, colorful
is not going to be remembered for its wars
Bhuj Rudra Mata Air Force Base
In an emergency , a grasshopper can also fly .
Could not parse MIME message. Displaying as source.
That soft cry from the depths !
Brahma is the one and only one.
IPCC'S fourth assessment report doubt radiative forcing.
It gives them signals about how you regard drugs .
She's anesthetized, the surgeon does his thing -
Please enter the password for mail transport “%s”.
Ethnic groups of different nations combined through thegovernment policies.
there is a four-story building
Stories are what we use to transmit knowledge.
Continue installation remotely using SSH
It was a plan of armed insurrection .
Connect to a Hidden Network
how much force it needs to exert to the surface
Whether the tab is detachable
that they had become one thing in my mind,
Failed to read PPD file. Possible reason follows:
Sorry, but you cannot replace the reset image.
Don't send single MOVED events
Show debugging information for all files
Leftover unconverted data in read buffer
“don't do this” in the school handbook,
It's a uniquely human achievement.
Rather , they are agents of justice .
Grief disguised is more potent than grief expressed .
we use a lot of old newspapers
And that incites a sort of panic architecture.
Life is nothing without friendship.
Failed to kill PulseAudio daemon.
In reality , they rarely get time .
Unexpected lack of content trying to (safely) read a line
She doesn't even have a tablecloth.
just because he beat me by five seconds.
Today, there are 14 health clinics
Nobody in the workshop bothered to contradict him .
The bat should not be too wide or too long.
View executable text files when they are opened
We tend to exaggerate spectacular and rare risks
The destabilizing effects of hunger
not Manchester United style promotion,
India at the 1920 Summer Olympics
This is why he is humble .
where we had a very troubled experience in our family.
at least I thought it was beautiful.
How do we collect and study specimens ?
The highest resolution accepted by you tube is 480x360.
The network must be an IPv4 address
Search for an iPod failed
The western border is mostly sandy or rocky.
The inspiration follows from example .
Unable to find appropriate session for user %s
Plus the robots have to base their actions
By the year 2000 to:
and job development are so lame it's not even funny.
Decryption failed. You probably do not have the decryption key.
there's the obvious benefit -
Visvesvaraya Industrial and Technological Museum
You should give exactly one directory name
is about the most home-biased thing you can find.
Gaudiy Texts- Thousands of texts on Temples, in Veloram encoding.
festival (text to speech)-Festival-Hindi chapter to speech program (download)
But what this also did was it started
List of Bollywood films of the 1970s
Yet, my interest in photography started
=== Vote on Account ===
Change of power in Delhi
meaning that the adult population should learn
There is %d other contact.
Fees depend on the amount claimed .
I'm talking about all companies.
“ He used to play such sad songs . ”
Category: Honored by Sahitya Academy
Go as a spectator first and see what happens .
.Men (giver) to facilitate :):):):):).Men(giver)the problem:). Men (giver) enjoy:):):):):)
and that we remain there
Life Insurance Corporation of India
detection of youths of criminal tendency ;
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation
But similar principles would apply to any food business .
like my stupid Chinese character mistake.
Chromium does not support %{OSNAME}.
This marked the end of his outward activities .
Because of inexpensive and servicing: 1988-1992
So in the technological world,
I go everywhere to make believe it's Iran.
He goes to the ark. He opens the ark.
Use this Google Account to sync all your Chromium stuff?
Diagram of human penis [click to enlarge]
So that's why it looks maybe a little bit weird,
Use arrow keys to change.
File %s appears multiple times in the resource
The Lord of the Rings (film series)
And this is an aerial view
DL Envelope, 110 x 220 mm
and he had kind, twinkly hazel eyes
%s: %s is writable by group.
Petroleum and Explosives Safety Organisation
and certainly the majority of members of Parliament,
Powai lake supplies water to the industries.
Till then keep Ram and Babar out of politics .
Your Ubuntu release is not supported anymore.
The Bhashya on the Geeta is as following :
The name <b>Audacity&reg;</b> is a registered trademark of Dominic Mazzoni.
In Arabic Akbar means 'Great' or 'big'.
Savitri: A Legend and a Symbol
17. How have you or the patient been affected?
The first time it was a C-section.
The name cannot start with a period.
When I was 14, I escaped from Tibet
Characters that are considered “part of a word”
Please install a user certificate.
This technology is called as bridge technology
I mean, is there something wrong with you?”
As you know, it's not going to turn out well.
Now, the irony, from my perspective
But like the Maginot Line,
I'm going out to look out for us,
entry '%s' appears more than once in group '%s'
One of the real challenges
The very first time, at the age of 29,
This is the main door of palace built for musicians.
You can get more information about hepatitis B from :
They encourage innovation and ensure competitive prices .
Kids now live in a world which is digitized,
So together they form a map
that would fly by its own
in contexts of repression or division,
Choose a folder for saving draft messages.
Mahadevi Varma's position is paramount is modern songs and poems
smile more than 20 times per day?
%s: Error setting signal %d to %s
Invalid message stream received from %s: %s
Sufi line of work was now born.
like the ones that we're seeing around the world,
in 1940,many political party came against the Rana's ruling.
No Global Catalog server configured for this account.
- P60 certificate for pay, tax and NI contributions
It seems that they are very beautiful .
Bottom to top, right to left
Easy to remember it is when it to be read.
it was just attached to the tripod,
to shine a light on these issues.
Metacity was compiled without support for verbose mode
Move the selected file out of the trash
The Social Fund see page 12 .
It essentially raises charitable funds from individuals, foundations and corporations,
they have good health, they have infrastructure,
I have never known the burqa .
This might hurt. Don't say we didn't warn you...
he has done the last rites of his ancestors
His court had more Hindu princes than Muslim princes.
Do you really want to cancel these jobs?
Group ID for tabs drag and drop
In order to have that machine running,
1 duplicate photo/video was not imported:
three boys, three girls, no problem.
Spacing in pixels between the image and label
Then he said , again :
Kis Desh Mein Hai Meraa Dil
Loneliness is the ultimate poverty.
when the babies are taking their statistics.
General input settings. Use with care...
working with the aesthetic of fur
File enumerator has outstanding operation
Its Interface available in Hindi as well.
Lalkilla is located ate eastern end of salimgadh
The model containing the possible values for the combo box
TRUE if page setup combos are embedded in GtkPrintUnixDialog
And I assumed someone was working
So here's some of the characters that we have.
Why I said this, is the background.
He translated some of his texts in English
Change the difficulty level of the games.
Kuran is the rope of allah
this delta is fertile for growing rice
that American troops would only be deployed for a year,
to be the head of Student Government.
veiling my daughter from birth
There are four regions in Pakistan:
Conditions for women are still appalling by international standards .
&Rescan VST effects next time Audacity is started
He attacked the palace in order to get the queen
They always need to have things explained .
Al Khwarizmi is known as father of Cell/Nuclear Science
Do you want to Quit?
YR: If I may, I would like to tell you
And the third big change
The email you used has already been registered.
Markets and Streets are decorated with golden colored flags.
The capital and the largest city of Nepal is Kathmandu.
Fax no: 0114 259 5566
One thing that this baby could be thinking about,
Politics 1 9 8 4 - 1 9 8 7
AG: Every scientist will recognize that expression of despair.
The next day the entire village plays Holi .
Organizing a marathon in Lebanon
This robot is an amoeba robot.
towards diagnosing brain disorders in children.
A moment with Childhood (1934)
city's most prominent communication service is done by MTNL.
List of sovereign states and dependent territories by population density
Ramcharitamanas, commentator: Hanumanprasad podtar, Printed and Published: Geeta Press, Gorakhpur.
Brasero - %s (Video Disc)
Please replace the disc with a writable DVD.
The Patient 's Charter and Maternity Services
I would say that the converse is true.
A copy of the final report was indeed saved .
Young people have their own reasons for misusing solvents.
Insofar as we are beginning to shine light on that
Amar Ujala (In old font)
Homi Bhabha Centre for Science Education
All that information we saw changing in the world
when looking at someone who smiles.
List of airports by ICAO code: T
So you can think of it as tent poles
Lipikaar: A device considered ideal for typing in Hindi.
and which became the first dry photocopier
Dick, he was my friend. I did call him Dick.
Percentage full for pie colour pickers
Barclays Bank of the U.K. is bringing in 500 million.
There were plenty of role models all around us.
Charles was married to Catherine De Berganza.
My name ' s Paul . ”
Space which is inserted between grid columns
Tennis at the 2008 Summer Olympics
It was obvious that a new star had arisen .
The size of the icon
You know, in the 18th century in the U.K.,
they've argued that believing in God
- Francois De La Rochefoucauld
Free milk for disabled children
I've become the crazy wrongness lady.
Please put a rewritable or blank CD in the drive.
Find out more at <ulink url=“http://www.ubuntu.com”>the Ubuntu website</ulink>.
Atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki
The name of the device
A printer connected to a USB port.
Geet Sethi: When a city gives to the children
Choose Decrypted File Name for '%s'
The Legend of Spyro: The Eternal Night
Hydrabadi cuisine in not genrally included in this.
Das sustained serious injuries .
And I was up in San Francisco a while ago
Nehru played a major role in developing Indian foreign policies.
our third side webs of peace,
about one person a month
as opposed to right next door.
because of the issue of the idea of failure.
Whether to display line mark pixbufs
Do you want to add this website to the whitelist?
live crammed in these little tin shacks,
“ Oh , I don ' t know .
When checks show that the system is not working correctly;
Please enter the PIN for “%{DEVICENAME}”:
On 5th November,1925 Deshbondhu Chitronjan Das was died in Calcutta.
and sometimes people cooperate to do bad things -
Because at the end of the day, it's about engagement.
So, you're getting the pattern. First 200 children at Riverside.
Configuring wireless network connection '%s'...
but we'd never seen anything like this:
Invalid network link detection waiting time
Dreams don't work unless you do.
Wait. The same study found
Your breath stops too .
Your update key is invalid and was removed.
the whole room is just electrified with creative energy.
Allocated funds are not always utilised .
Whether to ask for confirmation when expunging appointments and tasks
Width of the border around the tab labels
Create a new chapter list for the movie
Flag of the United Kingdom
Now is my book the next great American novel?
Keep at least one room warm during winter.
lucky to be able to look at the Koran.
She yawned and stretched like a cat .
by watching Jimmy Page on YouTube.
Now the old solicitude returned .
This looked a stupendous task .
for the power of cartoons
and discovered, to their surprise,
Returning to India to work with those fishermen,
What will become of me now ? ”
Removing a disk from a RAID array may degrade it
See pages 42 - 43
However YouTube have term of services/conditions.
those of us who design security,
we haven't understood anything else.”
” For several reasons .
Error while reducing volume group
Because I don't want them discriminated against anymore.”
but it says, “Ivan the Terribus.”
If your family stayed in the UK
First chapter of Quran in one Pandu script
Yaksha , the treasurers or guardians of the Deva .
An invalid three-wheeler supplied by the DSS
No policies are currently active!
when we're talking about intervention.
A triangle can be embedded inside another triangle.
Sword swallowing is from ancient India.
This is used in Marathi and Vidik Samskrit
Kabir means great in Arabian language.
the car just drives itself.
open office 2.0 (or more)for including hindi version
And this is the pump.
- and how to do our hair -
Compiler handles the problem in various way with this problem.
Ask if %{HOST} wants to access your microphone
“So when's the article coming out?”
who is a dancer I have been working with.
Start these assistive technologies every time you log in:
That was how quickly penicillin was produced
Width of process 'Seat' column
the Waorani of northeastern Ecuador,
those are the risks you worry about.
There is one the information resource about Dr. Hariwanshrai Bacchan.
where now they can pause and repeat their cousin,
so she sold four-year-old Pranitha to a broker.
No volume for device file %s
Only allow UPDATE and DELETE that uses keys.
There is no verb for compassion,
When I read Spengler I disliked him .
Trusted not to hurt themselves,
New Tab - Other Devices
You just have to strut.”
It was great to be here.
The next day it rose by another 24 points .
Do not show this warning again
And so what I'm showing you over here,
Regional Institute of Education, Bhubaneswar
Replace symbolic links by their targets
So this robot minimizes snap.
The main support pillars are Patience, Thoughtfulness and compassion.
especially in large, urban areas like New York City.
He quickly pulled his hands away .
Yes , that was the way out !
in a world of media where the former audience
And they wrote telegrams back to Manchester.
your dad could get mean.
Her nature has changed but not her policies .
Why are they coming for, finally, for philanthropy?
Unable to open source file for reading
Central Standard Time - Saskatchewan - most locations
Two weeks after my speech, in Tunisia,
There was an error deleting %B.
Enter a list style name
Pango font description for subtitle rendering
is still fragmented and unstable.
Phone with the facility of touchscreen.thumb
Distance to target = %d meters
Began wearing a khadi kurta and Gandhi cap they now
But they came up with a book,
there may be many peaks on the moral landscape.
You think you know right and wrong?
” Because intoxicated men see double .
was, “Hey, let's have a silent stand.
sync - all input/output activities occur synchronously
I've later come to know that to be
Academy of the Hebrew Language
this is dangerous teenage fashion right there.
The TreeMenu will display children of the specified root
But Vishnu had a single aspect .
“Why the World Isn't Flat,” that wasn't too surprising. (Laughter)
Cannot login to POP server %s: SASL Protocol error
Why can ' t you see that ? ”
The vertical alignment, from 0 (top) to 1 (bottom)
You need to be able to do something with it.
People began to figure out, in the Sichuan Provence,
there is also an Indian cricket control board(bcci) in mumbai.
Replace the customized configuration file '%s'?
“It's me,” or more grammatically correctly, “It is I,”
I don't know. Maybe. Who knows?
Last year 16 students got into IIMs .
Second Man: It's driving itself.
Continue the install without loading kernel modules?
So with disease models like these, we can fight back
made me laugh out loud, tear up,
Always ignore Reply-To: for mailing lists.
You already have a contact with this address!
All conditions in this survey have been deleted.
religions are so subtle, so complicated,
Which babies are at greater risk?
that I'd be a tourist in the Koran -
who's actually in the space.
More than 1 hour left
Now, here comes two more people, and immediately after,
We aim to database all of our collections .
It needs to be used, needs to be applied,
build bridges with the outside world,
How do they do it ?
Select question group file (*.lsg/*.csv):
We know why kids don't learn.
One reason is the East Asian Model.
The password prompt was cancelled.
Method not supported when opening the calendar
orange / fruit | spinach
is, if you look at the blue data points,
70 percent in the group that made these changes,
I said, “I want to live
An article on terrorism and Israel
Was it because I'm brilliant
we knew the machine worked,
we discount sounds that remain the same.
Everything else in the world tends to look at entrepreneurs
It all begins with empathy.
Maximum runs scored in a One day international match.
How had those days begun ?
being located in countries other than where we are.
Sorry, but there is already an emblem named “%s”.
In return , the rewards are great .
You must choose a longer password
Invalid opaque trace information: %s
I wasn't there at the time - but in 1968,
Exports individual notes to HTML.
Adjust the photo's color and tone
to address malnutrition in those countries.
She had also done caricature.
Your password will expire in 7 days...
Well we make lots and lots of pumps.
Opening firewall for Samba connections
The keyboard geometry Caribou should use
and the school district of Philadelphia.
Otherwise, I would have liked you to have seen this.
two players who couldn't trust each other.
In a recent mimicking study
Best Value in Housing 18
#separate commands with a new line or a semi-colon
It is sensible to approach the trader first .
and Country B is India.”
We did this with food technologists
“ Nothing , of course .
Chennai Mass Rapid Transit System
Still British Government denied to release him.
In south India,the Vijayanagar Empire became powerful.
If YES to both, claim Housing Benefit.
Can you understand that ?
Sheemadhbhaawath's mythological story, poem sentences are about18,000 numbers.
the planning of health and safety ; and
What if things don't go as expected?
like Li Mu Bai from that film,
the expenditure has increased with volumes.
There is clearly a range of materials
Centre for Railway Information Systems
Whether Tab will result in a tab character being entered
that assume that media is produced by professionals,
Their command over a once foreign language is astonishing .
Do people have grid cells?
1) Sanskrit is the most ancient book's (Vedic) language.
The free space starts from ${FROMCHS} and ends at ${TOCHS}.
It will be called the School in the Cloud.
He decided to concentrate on more practical matters .
At night they get covered in pollen,
Borodin did not like the new Comintern line .
Simón Bolívar International Airport (Venezuela)
but it is not an approach whose time has come
How many of them !
The item could not be deleted due to an error
Motor racing is a funny old business.
Ramayana's few ideal roles, publishing and printing: Geetha press, Gorakhpur
But to me, what's most baffling
And when I love my servant,” God says,
What 's the best way to brush ?
but it appears that it's also the birthplace
In a way, it did not for me.
What kind of improvements can you get compensation for?
He is the form of the ultimate power.
about how related the microbial communities are
They played in the snow.
Blind dolphins are also found in Sindhu river.
the understanding that I have.
A simple Web page that can be easily printed.
The last browsed folder while looking for images to burn
cells are found which project into the hippocampus,
Women wielding lathis swathed in gold foil and flowers .
Take one day at a time.
This is the next generation robot, DARwIn IV,
And the problem with stereotypes
Select fonts for the desktop
Telephone: 01787 881165 Fax No: 01787 313995 or Website: www.hsebooks.co.uk.
At least two file names are equal.
And unfortunately the school system
* No need to “register” to listen or buy
Das Babu was leading this movement in Bengal.
Now art is something that in the secular world,
then they'd load the cart.
Consider recommended packages as dependencies
The Indian Constitution on internet ( in Hindi and English)
The new network will bring together existing advice agencies.
But that wasn't what the media businesses wanted.
invalid option '%s' or its value '%s'
had nothing to do with the rest of the world.
He said that magicians deliberately exploit
This persona was adapted by him to escape the Britishers.
What every parent should know
or moral talent, or moral genius even?
Chaar kheme Chaunsath khoonte (1962)
This can be used as a measure of his courage.
The Bhavnagar madarsa management denies such charges .
Neglected the serious congress ethics in Indian history writings
a monolithic piece of high-tech ceramic,
Based on thiseven after centuries Muhammad(SAW)lists firsts among universal leaders.
Al Khwarizmi is known as the father of Algebra.
to include the ecosystem of our own bodies?
when it was pointed out to people how far
You put water into a bottle, it becomes the bottle.
Invalid string in argument vector at %d: %s
The glass in the windows rattled again .
. Satvahanaas & Chalukyaas established their authority in central India.
Sometimes I would win, mostly he would win,
We were up in the mountains, 1976.
That in fact, the people who are young enough
So just as we manage national parks,
but when he withdrew from the battle,
The nameservers listed below may not be recognized.
Choose a title to identify the profile on your system.
or more advanced treatment and care?
Encoded value is not valid UTF-8
It comes in the category of panjaras or nidas ,
can be the key to something much bigger.
It's just simply not part of your life.
for control and then execution.
of everything which was sold on the roadside.
There was a time in my life
to a realm of art.
Bharat (Bha-rat) means internal light
There seem to be no corrupted files on the disc
The German and Italian groups helped him.
Error unlinking lock file ‘%s': %s
Applied effect: Generate Noise, %.6lf seconds
If YES to both, claim Council Tax Benefit.
and it's also a very interesting probe of
Failed to mount the floppy
Preparations of Dipavali(Diwali) start several weeks earlier than Dipawali(Diwali)
So soft power is something that really emerges
Every Minister has to be a member of Parliament.
in these remote reaches of the planet,
You can install it by typing:
As Sea gradually become hotter, capacity reduced for generating carbon.
Aamba:Shikandi was a princess name Aamba in advance birth.
What does a beautiful woman have to look like?
has invested in basic health.
I started experimenting with other subjects,
Because of its excellent literature its greatness is exceptional.
and I ended up walking a red carpet
“ What makes you so nice ? ”
I said, “Do you pray?”
at the top of speech video
Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi
Market and lane gets shined by colorful bulbs.
but that were actually causing symptoms
Error launching metacity-dialog to ask about killing an application: %s
ensure that appropriate safety signs are provided and maintained;
that political problems can be overcome.
east Dem. Rep. of Congo
Original photo could not be adjusted.
The kind with the corrugated roof, you know.
Perhaps there are many such places -
That's the media environment we've got.
But really, every measurement it makes
at the same place Gandhi was attacked
Move each selected item to the Trash
Whether the stage should clear its contents
of Tylenol poisonings in the United States.
in order to age more slowly,
List of domain which includes cricket
Mrs. Mahadevi Varma was depressed with her married life
It drives me crazy that 30-year-olds are saying,
Bas Itna Sa Khwaab Hai
Even terrorists remain “ under trial ” for years .
But you don't cross it once.
The word Lavi means wool .
Checking component ${SUBST0} on ${SUBST1}...
Forward calls to the given host if no answer
You can get the latest sports scores etc.
Continue allowing %{HOST} to access your microphone
Delete the selected user account
And the only purpose that these legs can serve,
It is all in the World, soul of World
In 1937, Japan invaded China.
whether you like it or not,
Lipikaar: most famous object for typing in hindi.
“You mean God didn't want my bread?”
If you're living in Iran,
Contacts in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland
In the Internet Explorer, it is seen as “”Favorites“”.
who live on less than two dollars a day.
there are 11,000 now made porn videos.
She is considered as a mystery writer in Hindi literature.
by the principle of nkali.
♫ I have my halter-top on ♫
(b) Training and work experience
and then jumps off it to gain momentum,
NetworkManager is already running (pid %ld)
Couldn't find or load the file
Chawla in a Space Shuttle Simulator.
In the Hindi Literature,the personality of Kabir is incomparable.
Click here to change the search type
But the indications of that on her body was
I do not eat bread .
Because ultimately, that electoral outcome
Kahin Pyaar Na Ho Jaaye (2000 film)
MAPI error %s (0x%x) occurred
You do not need to be getting any benefits
Resize the window when a new video is loaded
There are even other mixed words.
So you can open this one.
If you're in the art world,
- Albert Camus (1913-1960), 1957 Nobel for Literature
XRC resource '%s' (class '%s') not found!
Set the time one minute back.
Step of Surdas-1(Basic Lesson of more 40 step)(on Wikipedia )
Computer is running on battery power
Does the seller really own the car ?
Changes are not saved yet.
Sounds very much like the journey through
International Convention on Air quality in cities
Oh good, glad I have a little more time!
Utuber, a general viewer of U tube
This flower with its black dots:
Thank God we are empathetic.
when I went narwhal hunting with some Inuit people,
Umar Khayam ki Rubayiyn (1959)
or in his increasingly ambitious installation work,
As you might have guessed, I'm a tissue engineer,
Email to %s failed. Error Message:
He threatened someone , waving a clenched fist .
How does it feel to see someone like this
Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl
One: production is too low. Two: price is too high.
actually fear and indifference -
And this video had actually been posted
Stepped towards the favour of India
Year 2007 celebrated as her birth centenary year.
Bibi ka Makbara (Bibi's tomb)
Dil Ne Phir Yaad Kiya
And he's teaching her how to browse.
Select Test to display a video test.
%s: Error setting up CHLD signal handler
pointing people to the US geological survey.
The type of the assistant page
So we thought of starting a school
The Evolution calendar has quit unexpectedly.
And there are some brilliant linguists, mostly Russians,
Microsoft Windows Hardware Driver Verification
and we picked three women
Failed to retrieve the supported clipboard formats
1. Specified number is not set
The importance of Sanskrit to India and The World.
where we promote the growth of some species
3 Council members will go for parliament members.
For best results, please ensure that this computer:
like seeking first to understand
All selected audio is muted.
Print the value of a key to standard output.
But because they sense the neighbors
Delete messages in Search Folder “{0}”?
%s: Could not open logfile for display %s!
the 30 percent-plus numbers that we're talking about.
Show odd pages on the left in dual mode
They're monitoring their neighbors' position.
And where we have this gypsum strip
but it certainly evolved very, very deeply
An adult bird weighs nearly two kilograms .
Computing the new state of the partition table...
I'll start here. Last November there was a presidential election.
When the vertical scrollbar is displayed
Error loading display_workspace_names value for Workspace Switcher: %s
Please specify a sample file to load
I have been basically spending the last few years
A silly little fool , he thought to himself ;
One mango, two mangoes, three mangoes,
and who was a world wide traveler
These assistants were called Naib Qazis .
No “value” attribute for node
Failure of key exchange and association
This region's land is prone to shift.
%s of extra space will be used
How do I raise the self-esteem of a child
Activate fast blanking, as opposed to a longer, thorough blanking
One package, 17 cents a day -
instead of in brain research,
so they have to take their shoes off,
Keep icons sorted by emblems in rows
Unable to find toplevel directory for trash
Totem could not initialize the configuration engine.
Error opening directory '%s': %s
And when you think about this,
Delete this folder, without moving to the Trash
My big brother Lenny fought in Vietnam,
notes and I was writing down all the
%s: Could not write cookie
who is 14 years old, studying in ninth standard,
.Entry from Back - Sex related
How is meningitis treated ?
Display the standard backward arrow button
when they hit water molecules.
to get to the right kindergarten,
because it did everything that a human being did
where none would have existed by creating a feedback mechanism
in their pediatric intensive care
%s: BaseXsession empty; using %s
between male and female voices
Now, when I started looking into collective action,
which are at a distance from
17 <s> How to appeal against a decision <s> 3
Jaambavant (person of Hindu mythology) inspirited Hanuman to across ocean.
but we have a rockstar team doing the software.
There was a time when we failed to negotiate
we send them into the wilds of City Hall.
Digests missing from enveloped data
Would you like to purchase the album <i>%(album)s</i> by '%(artist)s'?
Computer will suspend very soon because of inactivity.
Because nobody's going to help you and support you
but at the same time, I think,
Graph color for load average
Character out of range for UTF-8
Gurudev started painting during final days of his life.
There are a number of techniques to harvest rain.
unknown property name after \P or \p
He couldn ' t manage it .
Gandhi Ji's associates didn't support Subhash Babu.
to determine whether any of these abnormalities
India's coastal line is 7516.6 km long.
Settings for the depth cueing
In 1921 Mahadevi Verma topped the 8th class board examinations.
The following survey language settings should be deleted
Now I am having a title like
with African material mixed in. Very creative designs,
that validated the way that I knew that kids learned,
interact with vast amounts of visual data.
I've done anthropology on the main statistical units. Everyone says,
The contrast change to apply
Failed to add the cdrom
View summary of all available fields
entrepreneurs have become role models,
And I'm just betting that, sooner or later,
the Biennial of the Americas in Denver
%0 will not go bowling with %1 again
“ Certainly it is . ”
and that was the fundamental principle that we followed
It is studded with white stone and mougal colorful art.
Nideshak, tv maker our videos given to see out siders
%s: Server priority couldn't be set to %d: %s
Good poetry are introduced in the year 1982
Think of cancer, of bird flu, swine flu, SARS.
Preparing to install the base system...
This is a true story, my personal story.
Gokhale Institute of Politics and Economics
I realized there are not many women in cartooning.
Value must be greater than or equal to $1%{MINIMUM}.
The conversation got back on track.
and all the way down that nectar tube
that is all about execution, all about the how-to.
List of Bollywood films of 2012
Mozilla Firefox web-browser is based on Seamonkey (earlier mozilla)
” It makes me more determined to make it .
it might even make us smile.
along with about 25 other teachers.
We garnered much support along the way.
Wu River (Yangtze River tributary)
On the signal from Dutt both became alert.
of building a greenway movement in the South Bronx.
Print the data type of a key to standard output.
Scientists are at it . /
If YES to both, claim Housing Benefit.
We see a transformation in attendance by girls.
would not speak out against this relationship.
Pralay (Great Flood/ Great Destruction)
which use sun energy to heat things.
who live in a world of darkness.
The shortcut keys for switching to the previous input method
The conductor of an orchestra doesn't make a sound.
Quit India Movement was an important landmark of the conflict
You've got to just respond to the situation.
Paramhans is most comfortable in front of TV cameras .
who doesn't press on relentlessly
will have a secure place in your heart.
is that gerontology tries to inhibit the rate
However , it failed .
all children exhibit the same evolution in visual logic
and the 20 percent richest of South Africa is there,
(Video) Teacher: You can't catch me.
I don't think we have to make that choice.
So the amount of money online crime generates
to explore smart building design
and recognizes any gestures that he's making
and mathematics and so forth.
in regex '%s': backreferences are not supported
You'll find them in your telephone directory .
and conformity and batching people.
Strangely enough, 30 years later, we're building 1-800-GOT-JUNK?
Accountability is not a one-way street .
Could not shutdown backendstdin IO channel: %s
The next thing is that, if you want to predict
Most young people will never try sniffing .
Allow users to show passwords in Password Manager
Now as it turns out - thank you.
World's busiest airports by aircraft movements
Verse from the Quran in Hindi
You can fit more than 64 circles.
amend the constitution and remove term limits,
The lights are turned on and off by the cloud,
instead of bamboo tree (Scaffolding),a bigger tiles tomb were constructed
because what comes out of our tailpipe
What do bullets do? Bullets kill,
It 's all in the genes .
I was thinking at night,
Whether to enable Spatial Navigation
Whether to show type field in the event/task/meeting editor
is how to close this gap
So what were these used for?
we are inevitably going to converge
Do not be afraid to haggle over the price .
to put a down payment on her house.
” the Ace of Clubs caught her eye .
that a child could be saved every 22 seconds
Sree Ramchrita Manas- Sundar Kaant
She looked round sharply at last .
with trillions of life forms invisible to the naked eye:
There is no dearth for artists.
Dynamically, it has changed over time
Error code %u when inserting an entry: %s
but we still have huge amounts of problems to overcome.
Now this region, it has just five percent
Whether the tab is reorderable by user action
” I do n't know .
Some programs are still running:
Show the virtual machine console and details
Copying the files to add to “%s”
Whether the completions should be shown in a popup window
Display the existing note matching title.
His name is inscribed on the main door.
Now in the early 70s,
So the librarians find out
Failed to execute gpg: %s
Constrains the dragging to a rectangle
Their meetings were rarer and even more silent .
who look at windmills and feel
We never published a paper together,
and that is pretty good news, because it means that,
He included all the life in it.
I do n't know what it means .
Typical usage of this partition:
Choose Encrypted File Name for '%s'
There are no service rules for a Judge.
To Paste a Widget From the Clipboard Into Your Project
Custom command to use instead of the shell
The river is also an important center for fish cultivation.
in this lathi charge lala lajpat rai died
and this one is cultural.
Are you sure you want to delete this template?
It may be desirable to seek further advice .
GB[ Default value for ftp]
up to 40 percent less
on her left leg instead of her right one.
Email was not sent because demo-mode is activated.
and in free leaflets such as :
They said, “Yes, we did.”
The Duties of the Prime Minister
He begged her but she did not hear him .
Before storing , soak your mouthguard in mouthwash .
So by the time you are nine years old,
Every day without a cigarette is a success.
This is a floppy disk
Adds files that have been played to recent files
Being provoked by Duryodhana, Dhutrashtra ordered to play gamble again.
They want to raise the cost
After that Pakistan then went on getting influenced by Islam.
The idea frightened him .
Installing the kernel - retrieving and installing ${SUBST0}...
environmentally challenged community, versus incorporating
Click and drag to move right selection boundary.
The logic works at row level.
without actually looking at the brain
And that a society that encourages that
Islamabads proxy war and terrorism are equally potent threats .
The WebView associated with this find controller
When somebody's in pain, we pick up the pain.
by a factor of two or three
Please enter the name for the copied template:
Where do I send the application form ?
Whether the child's tab should fill the allocated area
Whether this tray icon has a tooltip
Unable to create the destination directory.
The geography of this place is prone to change.
you see frogs, snakes, eagles, butterflies,
error: command line parsing failed (%s)
Please select a custom session to run
Please download Hamachi and follow the installation instructions.
and understand the importance of agriculture,
getting frail and miserable and dependent is no fun,
Aww, it looks like there are currently no experiments available.
Popup message together with the icon.
is that they're going to die.
Mobile network operators of India
when we used to hang clothes on clotheslines outside.
Hans' editors were premchand and kanhaiyalal Munshi.
He made me feel we were both smart,
they just swing the microscope over,
But when that food is there,
I wonder how rampant baby snatching is
Brahma religion due to his father, he was the Brahma.
and it's just an incomplete list.
The Rajasthali is the approved sales center of Rajasthan government.
Why , why , why ?
We all knew we were risking our lives -
and run under the umbrella of peace.
The old and new passwords are the same
Fatal error reading PNG image file
But she's very thankful for the public investment in schooling
Sakalesha Madarasa was a senior contemporary of Basava .
Whether the clickable has a grab
here's one of an orchid mimicking an insect -
I keep telling them one thing:
Bipin Chandra Tripathi Kumaon Engineering College
If you are actively seeking work
Whether to show the address column in the history window.
Now , however , women veer towards contemporary royalty .
and you're five microseconds behind,
Click on the correct colored box.
c) Reducing the need to travel:
it's the mathematics of games and gambling.
There was qualitative improvement as well .
This could be something like meal vouchers.
The file that you dropped is not an image.
and this technology can not be uninvented,
mount doesn't implement synchronous content type guessing
He was accepted to the legitimate
Moves flat review to the end of the line.
“ Thank you , ” he whispered hoarsely .
Even though I've traveled a lot,
I have worked for the policy changes.
We want to know about things.
Enable firewall traversal from remote access client
in one that is determined to liberate and fulfill
There are three part of executive- President, Vice-President and cabinet.
Programs that are allowed to be run by reminders
I said, is there any validity to
Indira Gandhi National Centre for the Arts
Failed to contact LDAP server: %s
Spacing between elements of the area
I mean, as mentioned earlier,
And therefore you had a situation
But there are very less evidences to prove this fact.
Panchayat members were elected by the people .
It confluences with river Yamuna here.
It is the voice of the people .
1 . Stop at the kerb at the crossing .
“%s” is not a valid value for attribute “%s”
The system administrator has disabled access to the system temporarily.
Green roofs are soil and living plants.
Display a swimming fish or another animated creature
Once again the economy is in the doldrums .
and tell you what species left it behind.
and I'm in Angola undercover investigating blood diamonds.
No e-mail address provided, not submitting to Launchpad.
The file-roller process did not complete successfully
so we can say a thousand words right now,
And you might think this is a small thing,
Images were blocked on this page.
in purchasing power parity terms.
Special boot parameters for the bootstrap system.
Cut selected message(s) to the clipboard
This is beautiful example of Tyre bramargeet
So, you can't install hand pumps or dig wells,
while holding a pencil in their mouth
and makes these frothy confections that she sells to women
- Martin Luther King Jr.
Permission to create(data entry)/view/update/delete/import/export responses
Authentication is required to get a file from %s
When the suspend button is pressed:
That bottom thing, which says there's no effect at all,
Please respond on behalf of %s
Xinerama monitor where the panel is displayed
Parliament of the World's Religions
then it would damage itself,
Could not create folder summary for %s
while her house was in flames.
WHAT EXPERIENCE AND QUALIFICATIONS DO I NEED?
Failed to get statistics: %s
In a week ' s time , say ?
Red component of the shutdown color
You could read along with them .
World's busiest airports by passenger traffic
and try something new for 30 days.
Make sure your child is registered with a dentist.
Heroin can be injected , sniffed or smoked .
Among other things , the Government is looking at :
and was asked to go inside
is an energy unit of fossil fuel -
doing a face - right here?”
Google Chrome is ready to complete your installation.
Key file does not start with a group
Hospitals use two and a half times
in other words, that we ended up in a situation
Confederation of British Industry <s> Paul Gates
and being an accountant and a dentist
and start using his hands to interact with the information
What first got me thinking about this
Akbar had also eyes on the queen of Gondwana, Durgawatee.
that actually raise the density of the entire city.
is simply not keeping pace with India's demands.
They were as good as the babies in Taiwan
You're trying to download from yourself!
although I think four is probably close to the truth.
Premchanda wrote approximate three hundred story,and many Novell and Article.
until you've written your words for the day.
Brasero - %s (Data Disc)
Survey has been activated. Results table has been successfully created.
and made to celebrate the festival of Tsukimi,
is that a year ago,
Copy the contacts of the selected address book to another
You have chosen %s for this session
I'm moving very quickly over a number of
Cannot create output file: %s: %s
This effect is known as chlorosis .
No mailbox for user {0} on {1}.
than what we consider to be broadband today.
Directory for loading/attaching files to composer.
is put yourselves in the shoes
Automatically Sync in Background Every
One science thing shape accept
Failed to close folder: %s
Magnifier cursor moves with contents
which are very densely interconnected.
First player is offered a hundred dollars
Well, when he was oil minister,
Comparison of integrated development environments
The walls are hung over with flower garlands .
Whether the view is loading a page
which is covered by a transparent
How do we make the specimens available to researchers ?
to help themselves and to help others.
Cannot find “xterm” to start a failsafe session.
Cannot rename MAPI default folder ‘%s' to ‘%s'.
He 's got the looks and the genes .
When you look at Kibera now,
Because you've agreed on 90 percent of things,
because it's important that we think about it.
And he's here also today.
One thing is certain - you'll never be bored .
and I've looked at the cross-border component
These are general settings for video/audio/subtitles encoding modules.
is that by combining cutting-edge technology -
Himalaya is also know by many other names.
If your child needs snacks here are some good ideas:
as we grow and change.
As it was in the Balkans .
The story of Oscar and friend
Then when the photo left,
and I keep a database of ideas.
because I give them hope.”
Systematic all the potential hazards are identified.
Indrajit Gupta too was successful in a way .
isn't possible if we keep having an educational system
The Himachal Pradesh High Court
New Mobile Broadband (CDMA) connection...
Both vegetarian as well as non-vegetarian foods are favored here.
We call it the Water Canary.
This is in China. This girl needed a breathing apparatus.
that will direct his or her destiny
Open a new browser window
can't do it. You can buy it in Russia.
Threats to human freedom remain as ever before .
No religion can demolish that by indoctrination.
List of cities and towns in Bangladesh
Now the reason these micro-entrepreneurs
software tools to translate Devanagari to Urdu script.
Students Islamic Movement of India
they need to speak it to the babies.
to a point which can genuinely be called defeating aging.
IPL became the biggest brand in India
They love to drink and to eat meat .
taj mahal is built on a red domed marble place
The Enemy Within, Pebs border in October 2006
It's a half-whisper, “God, I miss her.”
Valmiki - Ramayana computer test
In fact I did not know what
So I have no responsibility
These took much of his time .
I can't even name them all.
Maybe she ' s only a dream , too .
The Dostana was the best film in the year 1980.
they didn't name the report as
End the game and show score
South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation
Keep looking and listening for traffic while you cross
In the early years he ate twice a day .
Why do you have kids come to school
rather than how we are similar.
Which is your planet ? ”
And it works. Look at these headlines.
Check spelling while I type
Start Haguichi minimized in the notification area
charbag - the Taj Mahal gardens surprise Or-shy
%s through %s has proposed the following meeting changes.
that is science and engineering.
Grandmother: You can't catch me. You say it.
UID '%s' is already in use
a history of the present Hindi literature
He asked if I could build this
Do not open a shop unless you like to smile.
Premchand issued post ticket thumb.
What ca n't the Ombudsman investigate ?
List of desktop publishing software
can't open global configuration file '%s'.
Date of Diwali in a year
The last link of this chain was Hajrat Muhammad (Sall.)
Eastern Time - Thunder Bay, Ontario
The main reason behind this was shortage of water.
And he took me by the hand .
Separator expected after the option '%s'.
we members of society play
And we perfect, most dangerously,
Teacher: I'm the gingerbread man.
and make it look like one single image,
And I was doing that in the field,
He studied in the reputed St. Xavier school.
Or they tell you, “Are these people all dead?”
I had read Tyler and Updike and Steinbeck and Gaitskill.
wxWidgets could not open display for '%s': exiting.
might look like for us,
Select Disk Image to restore
for a non-profit called Robin Hood.
If you are surrounding yourself with the right people,
It ' s quite a nice feeling .
Block popups on these sites
en masse, in communities all across the country,
and they will kill your presentation.
Such is the way of nature .
Factory for Test DBus Applet
50. Best season to visit Jaisalmer is Oct. To Feb.
later after leaving that 24000 slokas were made
In the same way “”a-u“” or “”aa-u“” is also spelled
Authorization to see your presence
They were in a hurry to execute sanctioned schemes .
Failed to load the image data
The inspector displays information about the widgets in a project.
but both of those groups of babies
It transformed them. What you will see is their journey,
Are you sure you want to delete this note?
Pacific Time - west British Columbia
and so patient capital also works
Not too much longer after that, the alphabet was invented.
Error: Device '%s' not found.
speak of the IITs, the Indian Institutes of Technology
or even your own photos -
the next highest name pulled in three. Okay?
14th January 1937 treasure in Varanasi
Obama's channel on video sharing website YouTube
These countries are India, Bhutan, Afghanistan, and Pakistan.
The image whose printing properties will be set up
Fetching file %li of %li at %sB/s
Change your region and language settings
Tilak required no certificate from him .
they name their telescopes rather unimaginatively.
error informing authentication system of display xauth credentials: %s
%{FULLSCREENORIGIN} has disabled your mouse cursor.
And so here we are.
everyone participate in this festival whether small or big.
The boy was surprised .
even if it comes in a shape
asale world theme park is situated near Goraye beach here
File is locked by another user
which is based on linearity
because people don't have credit history.
Local user cleared the call
I zip my pants down,
- I'm kidding - but these are the recapitulation slides,
No JPG Cover image for this folder
They help the rebellion a lot.
Time after which the cursor stops blinking, in seconds
It is sweet and juicy
I need you on board. I need you with me.
where they lost power at the hospital.
One, you can fix people's feelings,
Have you requested an independent review of your complaint?
to focus on what works in this country,
And this was a moment of great pain and trauma
Top to bottom, right to left
Take a look at this.
Command '%(command)s' is available in the following places
they call them as “ledger posting machines.”
In this book they said lie about India and indians
a certain kind of sharing is in their self-interest.
दरअसल वो गणना कर रहे होते हैं
Barmecides -LRB- p . 74 -RRB- .
%s: Could not become %s. Aborting.
and you get to be first in line -
Appeals , Allegations and Post-Issue Checking Team
For more information , contact your social security office .
He is my psychoanalyst. He is my teacher.
Popup switcher if not visible and select next window
Founding Fathers of the United States
Nector of Knowledge- Veda, Aranya Books
Use %A for address and %N for nickname
%s is calling you, do you want to answer?
So I made a deal with the adults
Size of the address book window
they had been instructed by the great man;
Representations can be made to them about planning applications .
Key captured: %s. Press enter to confirm.
Parliament of the World's Religions
and so we are probably the best storytelling institution
Hari Vamsh Rai Bachan (at Hindi Kunj)
evict millions of people -
In 2009 Dr. Stephen Wolfram launched Wolfram Alpha
wanted to wear a veil,
in the sense that he went there to Argentina
Brasero - %s (Audio Disc)
On a bus or train trip
#paste your VLM commands here
On the 20th anniversary of Tiananmen
Could not open autosave file
Saved horizontal position of Search window
framed by the mountains and the sea was hacked
Cannot add a player with this name.
List of political parties in India
here is that region again,
Keep Talking to Each Other
What books do I read ?
Her husband expired after some time of their marriage.
during the lean season, take the food out.
Unable to write audio project file %s: %s
and look for this signal.
Effect of global warming on animals (report by combine nation)
And they'd be absolutely joyous playing with this.
from being a mutually beneficial practice
The server does not support the TLS renegotiation extension.
The results of this jealousy cams as a third step
NHS prescriptions <s> NHS dental treatment
Now you'd ask, can this be done at scale?
who has a real interest in getting the powder
Absent of word is decribe by halant or viram
These are some anecdotes connected with Taj Mahal :-
No amount entered in the 'Amount' field.
as compared with $650 per capita GDP.
only a dozen years after the first operational jet.
Yaboot installation failed. Continue anyway?
had a deep faith in God, loved her children
the Muslim population in the world
Share information within the company with these specific Addons.
read stories together <s> talk about the story together
What then was one to do ?
So, it was a different India.
What happened in Mumbai last week was shameful .
And look here - compare to the Philippines of today.
Between 3300-1800 BC the Indus valley civilization flourished here.
And then she looked and did this.
Error parsing filter: %s: %s
A graphical frontend for Hamachi.
Stage 5 Repeat stage 4 (For each catering step)
with Michael Keaton about the dead talking back to us.
Join and create local networks over the Internet
runsynaptic called with unknown action
He does. He passes it on the right.
that we don't always want the same thing.
as to how best we lift people out of poverty,
1997 Great American Insurance ATP Championships
Marlin can't find the folder %s
for the long-term benefits of the country
promoted these practices to many hospitals in India,
And finally, there's other combinations,
All photo source files are missing.
Del Monte, and they're finding that it's good
other than the fact about their telephones,
because there are people who are threatened by these things.
Benign Thoughts of Swami Vivekananda (On Hindi Wiki-kot)
Could not get network status:
Tablet is low in power (%.0f%%)
and the need for processing that information is very high.
They fly in and they pollinate.
There were mountains in the distance .
But 30 percent is not a pass.
that the organic compounds coming from this moon
Apply filter rules to the selected messages
of the data against each other.
Change the brightness automatically using the ambient light sensors
We do it every day,
Address Book does not exist
No tags available for this list
Weddings were reported to be interrupted
came to the United States one thousand years ago.
Posthumously, his stories were published in several volumes in Mansarovar.
Anatomical diagram of human Shisr (magnify the 'clicking' Show)
But today, as Indian companies go abroad,
New Orleans has a parade. (Laughter)
of a fiber 15 times stronger than steel.
All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam
Copy selected contacts to another address book
University of Petroleum and Energy Studies
Rama reached a mountain called Rushyamukh.
1.Cabinet take the decision which are profitable to people.
A lot of us, we're not really happy
Failed to add the CD
The app “%{EXTENSIONNAME}” has been added.
B E S T Bus
This manual describes version 3.1.0 of Glade.
When we park in a big parking lot,
A former life , indeed - ugh !
List of airports by ICAO code: O
let me offer you some food.”
either full engagement and troop deployment
Folder '{0}' doesn't contain any duplicate message.
Please enter a network URL:
No PEM-encoded private key found
'%s' not allowed for %s=%s
Not a valid credit card number
Set to true to show the banner message text.
Edition and transformation of local language roman to devanagari.
How do I claim my expenses ?
Of course, it's human rights.
Not every specimen has full information with it .
Outlook CSV or Tab (.csv, .tab)
Vedas - Well-construed material on great aspects of Hindu religion.
What happens after the tests?
Archive does not contain expected files.
He became a hero overnight .
It's a company with one big customer.
The file “%s” does not exist.
Unsupported key '%s' in address entry '%s'
those are the classes where I excelled.
Illegal or impolitic - some officers( mainly government)
this dam is built on river Ganga's branch river Bhagirathi.
What target type do you have?
But this vehicle is a prototype vehicle,
Invalid page range, use %{EXAMPLE_PAGE_RANGE}
But supreme leaders do n't punish themselves .
Camaguey is a province in Cuba.
Reset password on Grub2 systems
“ You are a crazy little thing .
Other scholars believes its much older than this.
Rani Jhansi Marine National Park
We haven't found a “buy” button inside the brain,
There had a small temple of Lord RamKrishna
and let's have it be sort of inspired
All Survey (Total) assessments meet consistency standards
Brasero - New Video Disc Project
So this is the Internet they have in mind.
No support for source-specific multicast
because somebody doesn't use any of them really,
SMS - Gateway: clickatell','Bulk SMS send
to people not wanting to share their doodles.
Your wishes will be respected .
Allow Suspend and Hibernate in the menu
Another step - and she was at the corner .
through a tire from a jet plane,
Please ask your system administrator to start it.
He tried to enter into Roosi there.
where strangers can not find the basis for peaceful collaboration,
Interfacing with the Internet, it gets smarter over the years.
Orientation of lookup table. 0 = Horizontal, 1 = Vertical
Failed to write file ‘%s': %s
you talk about education and public health.
charecter of Sita is great
Sundarkaand - Transilators: Saint Satyanant, Goddess Temple (ISBN 1-877795-15-9)
that we brought to Microsoft as part of an acquisition
She was only twenty-five then .
Can not resume thread %lu
Charles had got married to Catherine de Braganza.
Judicial administration has been surrounded with special safeguards .
Name of XML file containing Haar cascade description
And I think when you're authentic,
Show accessibility options in the system menu
I request you to keep aside those prejudices .
because I'd thrown a penny out on the street,
Editing a clip can &move other clips
When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece.
And I actually feel at home here.
Sorry, this software is not available in your region.
fixated on country houses and titles.
dipawali is the main festival of hindus.
People weren't noticing these things,
No differences were found between the selected documents.
of a truly worldwide transparency standard
Trust this CA to identify software developers.
a swarm of little particles.”
Pakistan was the part of delhi dinesty
If the low-power mode should be enabled when on AC
in a way that one hasn't existed before;
It's this, just like this.
Find your way out of the invisible maze
have reached at least a quarter million people.
Streaming delegates for not already streamed objects not yet supported
TG: I'm passionate about that the things I do
They have a coarse long hairy coat .
your computer programmers, all of those kinds of jobs.
but violence and crime and cruelty.
Select a certificate to authenticate yourself to %{HOSTNAME}
1996 Great American Insurance ATP Championships - Singles
Some settings are managed by an extension.
They call themselves the “elder brothers”
Such reference is known as reference by the court .
Sree krishna is the eight avatar of Lord vishnu
Padding around icon view items
Invalid Release file: no entry for ${SUBST0}.
And maybe stories are just data with a soul.
Flag of São Tomé and Príncipe
Aged 16 or over ?
of this whole collective socialization.
can only fill you with hope.
where, instead of religion being the great rallying cry
List of regions by past GDP (PPP)
She actually looks after the teeth
But capitalism itself is a world phenomenon .
And when he then walks back to the Media Lab,
Play sound on incoming calls
Could not set the Account Photo
Do not show me this again
and that's because butterflies and birds
“I'm with the little lady. Damn!”
The most important thing about goals is having one.
the most common mode of transportation
boot parameters understood by the bootstrap system
And I did, and we ended up naming it Duterimbere,
to create new digital tools for magic -
This is a more controversial one.
In the play, the acter suddenly transmogrified into a monster.
Because we don't consider where they came from.
Genesis of Kuru dynasty and Pandu's coronation
so it puts us in a very tenuous position.
Teacher: Well done. Very good ...
Maximum number of recently used timezones to remember.
Unable to write to photo database file: %s
We have become very reliant
And look at Ragav, that moment when his face changes
Public Abstract in Harivamsharai's poetry
But how could they become food for the sharks !
The state capital Mumbai is Maharashtra
The path '%s' contains too many “..”!
Grade:High - Profit business district
This is the last primary partition that can be created.
He sounds something like this.
Do you really want to quit?
He entered Samajwadi Party and then Mayawati is in power.
they will do better this time.
on basic things like electricity, obviously,
Jis Desh Men Ganga Behti Hai
Dawn without the birds ?
Zones on left / right side
Mumbai North (Lok Sabha constituency)
Political consciousness of the masses should be developed .
and move to Kansas, small town Kansas,
you'd have to book something called a trunk call,
you will see that the bow will orient itself
- Oscar Wilde, writer (1854-1900)
we'll wait for you to finish the tea.
Over the last few years,
to how hard that is for some people to get.
The partner of gandhiji was not helping the Subhashbabu.
You ever see one of these before?
Show process 'SELinux security context' column on startup
In the oil and mining sector, for example,
Final scale on the X axis
tourist parkking can walk in either or travel in bus
to impress people they don't like.
what I believe is that the map behind of me
Replace the current keyboard layout settings with the default settings
Some say they are from Babylonia.
Great anger is more destructive than the sword.
The village people came closer when they noticed the fire.
So this is our largest airplane which we have,
Libvirt connection does not support virtual network management.
That timeless, eternal and is Ashashwat
It turns out when a baby's born now,
Move %d item to '%s'
At that point, I became a little more ambitious
in hindi penis is also nicknamed as lund, launda etc
But the children of Pandu preferred him .
Red tower offerings, Shahjahahanee style offers excellent piece
no matter what the program ,
Do you really want to split the track?
These are the facts :
that understands all of the mechanical actions
How to claim see page 30.
Automatic detection of output devices
than a spotlight of consciousness.
The default graph type to show for stats
a search party arrived at my home.
GL18 Help from the Social Fund
WARNING: node <%s> below <%s> not understood
And Sweden was like Mozambique.
What a sight I am ! She thought miserably .
they have to put it into boxes
No webpage was found for the web address: %{URL}
It may lead to anarchy . ”
But as these conversations unfolded,
Your computer will restart when the update is complete.
Reviews may be needed :
And after a few months went by,
with strange symbols on them.
We often won't even notice them.
Shah Jahan's Tomb is beside Mumtaz's to the western side
He looked as though he was courting .
is tackling the problem of government -
or didn't enact their capabilities
we had cornered the Kigali market,
My first dream was to be a doctor,
there are so many things to be happy about.
At the very top you find the uniformly random sequence,
And next year, she will come back.
And anything you see in the book,
Data could not be written (%s)
Mohamood Saheb was also part of this chain.
After that spirit obtains it's actual truth-consciousness-bliss for forever.
Printer '%s' is out of paper.
TD: From the time I was very young, onward,
He was the only son of “”Motilal Nehru“”.
that people who could read, would read,
They neither built temples nor worshipped images .
However , alone by itself , it is lucky .
I am a cultured person , a university professor .
Import tasks from your tweets
” She is gonewhat more is there to say ?
He joined MRF Pace Foundation to become a fast bowler.
Depending on who decided he did justice
If you need more help
on the part of the Muslim
and technology's ability to understand it
Here's what he wrote in starting that out.
in this type of a framework.
Client reports password was rejected
At this time we're living in the Bronx,
List of airports by IATA code: N
and has seen their yields and incomes
There was an error creating the directory in %F.
So imagine you have carbon nanotubes growing
Thank you, and God bless.
He ran to her .
is the creativity that it inspired
and not just sentience, but empathy.
Barah- hardware to write sanskrit and change font on computer.
Meanwhile the unconscious poet hovered between life and death .
from the Girl Scouts to the hunters and fishermen.
Admiral Kumar , meanwhile , retires in four months .
Czechoslovakia during Sudeten Crisis in summer 1938 .
Use menu to add new countdown.
Along with they also run for Navi Mumbai and Thane.
South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation
two teas at random for you.
what is good for us on a personal level,
2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash
Unable to mark upgrades Check your system for errors.
Concentrate on the major health problems .
it has been described naturally
reconcile that with a world that doesn't become
Whether the meta is enabled
Must specify some directories to break
And then we train about 50 ophthalmologists
Also , it is important to get datable pottery .
you would literally cease to hear it.
German Society for Stem Cell Research
And he laughed again .
Merging data is impossible with this disc
%s: Got Manage from banned host %s
Have been sick for at least 28 weeks?
Explain that they mustn't distract the driver.
They say his wife ran away from him .
that was chosen just now.
7. Take any such case that is not mentioned above
2003 Monte Carlo Masters - Singles
Execute the argument to this option inside the terminal
Check the integrity of another CD-ROM?
He just keeps running -
And when the vaccine appeared last winter,
It is also available in Hindi Enatarfess
And Chicago just rolled it out
Configure your network connection settings here
I ought never to have run away from her …
Could not allocate temporary frame
(Laughter) - about this whale.
You cannot be a part of wholeness
Inhibit Power Manager from suspending the machine while playing
This is very important if new.
14. These actions have had three broad goals:
Prevents the screen to be locked when checked.
And then, once you do that, you can figure out
Are you sure you want to leave the network “{0}”?
4. Are you the patient involved in the complaint?
our goal is to use technology
Self-organizing systems also always show emergence,
PNM file has an image height of 0
which is never identified, respected,
You need to understand that in those places
The default plugin for Junk hook
List of content management systems
Rural scenario is beautifully depicted in this.
is because the damage is continuing to accumulate.
Throughout this booklet we refer to :
Couldn't open file '%s': %s
What Cristine did was use our Blicket Detectors.
So, as we are climbing the tree,
copying nature in the lab.
How many rows to display
60% population of Mumbai lives in slum areas
This was the chance Dighavu had been waiting for .
Enable web pages to use experimental JavaScript features.
And he's five years old.
Search for text in the body of the displayed message
Don't &warn again and always use my choice above
News related to Raipur, Chhatisgarh newspaper and directory(Unicoded)
that Guido Westerwelle, the German foreign minister,
Find out if another scheme or organisation can help you.
Russia. Chad wanted to fight against homophobia in Russia.
Whether the text is editable
and analogies. Those are ways to engage
So, how do you construct belief?
weather forecast is situated in headley centre.
Send this page to your device
Let's do that. Thank you very much.
about an entertaining life of being the Karmapa
Islam is the world's second-largest religion, after Christianity.
People also clean and decorate their shops.
Dialog is unlocked. Click to prevent further changes
We can think, really, that each one is sort of
” Give them work that they may eat .
They're hardwired for struggle when they get here.
Error return with body of type '%s'
but where do we go wrong,
We'll let those roam around the auditorium a little bit.
The tools of social networking,
is at right temperature; <s> looks appetising and tastes good;
2. Permitted by the President
and there are any disturbances, you know what happens.
in this new revolution, this new feminist issue.
is on average six percent,
List of cities in Iraq
Paid for up to 18 weeks
How do we take what those teachers are doing
best inventors in the world right now.
Whereas the city of Toronto
that are making millions out of their attacks.
as if there's some sort of criminal act being committed.
These associate buildings are finished in 1643.
Varisht called upon Bharat and Shatruwan from their mothers home
is the structures of our government.
understanding that one is part of that creation,
Not supported in sculpt mode
to denote these intermediate things that are caused by metabolism
Akbar made several changes in the currencies of his time.
Failed to empty the clipboard.
'The world' tells us how the world functions,
Other studies have shown that boosting oxytocin
and that is a ponytail on a passer-by.
you won the TED Prize 2011.
Do you really want to remove this node?
Main page of Dainik Jagran
An important OS update failed to be installed.
Effect of Global Warming on Animals (Report from WHO)
and they've landed it only in the deserts.
Indian Institute of Technology Bombay
Agra was the favorite of Mughal empire.
was a woman trying to nurse her baby,
because you're kind of setting up yourself in some ways
failed to connect to the phone.
International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry
to allow you to actually have a conversation with him.
He leaned towards her with determination this time .
Choose a picture and a name for your Chrome profile.
They took him for lunch
Denying capability %s to profile.
List of airports by ICAO code: K
But this innovation emerged in Brazil.
It's now repetition of short, hot-button, 30-second, 28-second television ads.
you'll come to the Barefoot College.
There's a new, safer version of Google Chrome available.
McDonald's derby rave also happens in February at turf club
Tomb of Akbar the Great
And this network grew voluntarily,
This is a box that lights up and plays music
Insulation, better design, buy green electricity where you can.
Save the contacts of the selected folder as VCard
Now, I want to ask a question.
Failed to find mountpoint for device %s
Prem Chandra's writing style , is in different shapes.
That could be shoveling out a hydrant, pulling a weed,
income as only one variable.
and that they do care.
So what that effectively does
This user does not exist.
Unable to open “$1”: $2
Set your Wacom tablet preferences
Party of Independence and Labour
Could not load %s: No initialization code in module.
Go back to the menu and correct this problem?
Choose a picture to display on your background.
of 52 minutes per day
Greenhouse gases in the atmosphere
The speech had a profound effect upon the audience .
in the DARPA Grand Challenges
The Main Jail is at Arthur Road
Watch my library for new files
and we like to share.
Event with no end date
who had moved to the north.
“%s” is an executable text file.
It was Islam's first Home war
His Ram has no partiality between people
Are you sure you want to delete the network “{0}”?
Password to use to authenticate against proxy server.
And the more you understand that,
Restoring virtual machines over remote connections is not yet supported
Labels like “Regulars” and “Honors” resonate.
The creation of different Muslim empires and modern Islam
Error Opening Video in Web Browser
11. Habitation of Hinduism is in mind, culture and traditions.
all types of fresh fruit
In this also, white marble was used
ravindranath thakur(bangla:ravindra thakur)(7th may.1861-7 august,1941)is also known as gurudev
and coordinates it so that it can show this
45. October to March is the best season to visit.
which is surrounded by neighbors -
one feels: I have enough.
one of the most beautiful mosques in India,
Madhushala basic chapter (Wiki sources)
Can't unlock file (Errcode: %d)
My own journey to work with these children
The triangles are made by connecting the following points: {0}
Failed to find duplicate messages.
Please type your password in the <b>New password</b> field.
It's a weekly turnaround of production.
Select the language to use in the board
and this part of Africa.
There was no motorcade back there.
once in a blue moon on the telephone.
Export to '%s' successful. Warning! The file is not encrypted.
made the situation worse, not better.
The capital of Uttar Pradesh is Lucknow.
Production increased and prices rose .
the ascent of the Pandavas to heaven.
Go to the home location
have a ratio of {0}:{1}
Mullah Jaada and Mulla Asmuddin were appointed his teachers.
This may not happen for many years .
'Paahan puje hari mile, to main pujon pahaar'.
And yet, I had an unusual position toward this.
How many days had it lasted ?
Language seems to be really important here.
Disable pager, print to stdout.
Whether to scroll to the bottom when there's new output
has the minimum number of wiggles.
in math, English and science.
Baaz: A Bird in Danger
Scanning type, subgroups, rows or linear
Indian history writing was done by congress
Another part of rajya sabha.
as something that's working against us, this other thing,
Display notification when a member comes online
at the expense of other groups.
not one man feeling ecstasy
First of all, there was no theory of planetary rings.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
And it's not the money that's so interesting actually.
So, Dr. Love bases his argument on studies showing
You just have to believe me,
An external application will be started to handle it.
I have no more reason to blame myself.
Reasons : bureaucracy , slow reforms and poor infrastructure .
spell words correctly and write clearly
Some of the measures to avert pesticide pollution are :
But they were not two characters on two different adventures.
I'm talking to you about
No unpacked applications or extensions.
potential energy to kinetic energy,
Your device has been updated to %{VERSION}
He is also know for his unique batting style.
number of seconds of movie remaining
I'm here to enlist you
Do not format messages when text size exceeds
And she's listening to various languages
The pretence of peace of mind .
These are danced with great fervour .
This is the sensory data,
Depth:Onkar Joshi's Indian language word dictionary[wyswyg]
Network name is already taken
Object with that name already exists
Could not calculate the upgrade
the number of slogas in Brahma vaivartha puran is 18,000
Table 2 Types of Effluents Discharged by Industries No .
And we go from took images,
His property was confiscated .
Move window to workspace 9
Move the selected folders out of the trash
Nipple discharge , new for you and not milky .
But what about ourselves, and what about our reality?
At times it is also called Lal Kila (Red Fort).
Copyright 2010+ Evgeniy Polyakov <zbr@ioremap.net>
Checks file integrities on a disc
Incorrect password, please try again
Pensions and Overseas Benefits Directorate
Requesting a VPN address for '%s'...
%s request denied: Not authenticated
की विशेष भाषा में बात करते हुए -
in the 1980s and 1990s
Speed up research in inventing biodegradable pesticides .
Family holidays during term time
and information have a particular advantage.
I will take you to the Cultural Revolution,
and tries to take the best of both.
Ayodhya has become the political equivalent of theatre .
There's no feeling about germs.
Train your audio memory and remove all the violonists Tux.
This is contained in the Buddhist new year.
You ' re pale .
so they can go to the Alps one day
Playing a game of tennis with his ADCs .
This is an old bicycle tube,
So I put a big C stamp on your forehead
to something you could get lost in.
So, music videos are something that I always found interesting,
Open this folder in a navigation window
will really extend well beyond the immediate question.
Information Technology Minister Pramod Mahajan is one of them .
Style of underline for this text
The server $1%{DOMAIN} requires a username and password.
Right-K- scripto- Download for offline use.
Fax : 020 8760 3017
Copy a screenshot to clipboard
Failed to stop Rygel service: %s
Most centuries in Test Cricket (47)
Sudarshan recommended candidates for Rajya Sabha seats .
The muslim preists have not done translation only.
Extract files from the archive
in all the ways I just shared with you.
%{FULLSCREENORIGIN} is now full screen.
Display notification when a member joins
Class: Puraan Stories (Ancient time stories)
and you can essentially become a coach
Where can I get more information?
The Link “%s” is Broken. Move it to Trash?
“Foreign aid is the most aid to poor people,”
And just as flowers spend a lot of effort
and this is as we clear the George Washington Bridge,
Why do they do it?
I was the guy beaten up bloody
they now have seven acres under cultivation.
why don't we give you some Zyprexa.
written in Hollywood by the writers behind Ben 10
If you don't apply, the changes will be discarded.
“ Yes , I know … ”
Some of the files could not be added as emblems.
and won't destroy us all in the long term.
So soft , romantic family dramas and mythologicals dominate .
Please select where the traffic should be forwarded
What ' s she like ?
The file you tried to play is an empty file.
Hence he refused to run away.
Widget to use as the item label
Update could not be started!\n\nPlease contact application developer!\n\n%s
we erase the borders between the different images
Additionally, there were errors removing certain storage devices:
No conditions could be copied (due to duplicates)
Japanese input method (for Japanese keyboard)
I mean, what's more likely -
and I'm flying home, and I'm thinking,
and I started looking at the data.
I, as a cyborg anthropologist, have suddenly said,
Nawabs of Bengal and Murshidabad
It has the Taj Mahal , Benares and more .
who wanted to change the world.
So if you are a virus writer
immigration became synonymous with Mexicans.
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind
Use XID as parent to the send dialogue (ignored)
Africans, after - they're tired, we're tired
Cannot delete unmanaged remote storage.
Resets the quantity when adding items again.
From kharif 1998-99, this scheme has been discontinued.
No value available for '%s/%s'
emotional support from other carers or people who understand
Test board for the python plugin
babies continue to smile -
So the data on dropping out is amazing.
Failed to initialize MS HTML Help.
when things start to deteriorate?
And as a special treat
She introduced them to a book about
“ A Bolshevik ! ”
and neither do the tongues slip.
Create your own QR codes
Wait for the ink to dry
write-k scripto - for offline usage and download
They said, “There's no way you're going to handle
MM: Yeah, we're building a tool
So that's one way in which we think
6.1 Union list has most important subjects.
About this in Media Center
the down side of that
in those moments of terror,
which are products that make people feel secure,
Frames (1 second = 75 frames)
Nepal Agriculture and Forest University
The National Academy of Sciences, India
View image attachments directly in mail messages.
And then Seattle decided to use it
Where do you get the rash ?
And this starts right now and depends on you.
Look at what you Americans are doing in Puerto Rico.”
The inner circle shows what videos they're focused on.
Thanks to Chernobyl, we get asylum in the U.S.
Be aware that abnormal cells can be treated .
If there are fewer people, it is a “rural” area.
“%s” is a symbolic link pointing to another program
<span size=“large” weight=“heavy”>Plugin name here</span>
Sort file list by modification time
Actually nothing had changed .
Import tasks from direct messages
Should the timeline automatically restart
then, just as in human sex,
TRUE if the Position property should be used
The basis of Shiya and Sunni sects
the rhythmic cadence of it,
Their number increased rapidly after 1890 .
We grew up taking for granted
This is not mine, by the way.
He drew people, anatomy, plants, animals, landscapes, buildings, water, everything.
At one point people were sending me journal pages
His response was a grant program.
Do not the scriptures do not recognize the third
so everyone went back home.
All Smriti books praise the Vedas.
French Industrial Exposition of 1844
that says “U.S. Army” on them.
and reach up to 65,000 feet into the atmosphere.
that's what this comes down to,
Unknown Object passed to GetObjectClassInfo
José Bernardo de Tagle y Portocarrero, Marquis of Torre Tagle
Her marriage took place with Maharaana Kumar Bhojraj of Udaipur
Creates disc images from a file selection
United Nations Economic and Social Council
and for whose purpose we shall die,
and dig wells for five years.”
the sand is flowing in these canals.
{0} left the network {1} and {2} other network
that give this moderate amount of life extension,
%s does not exist, please double-check the path.
We just need you to be authentic and real
He was trying to tell people how they should live
He propaganded and spread the teachings of Madwa and vishnuswamy.
The Legislature is not just another club .
{0} joined the network {1}
MMR can prevent these diseases in a combined injection .
So, what I did here is remove the camera -
Prompt when replying to many recipients
Cannot kill process with pid %d with signal %d. %s
The URI for which the response was made.
because it is tall, it's 1.8 meters tall -
when it is so advantageous, or is evolution just incomplete?
found that when you smile
Invalid authentication result code (%d)
the right lessons to draw.
The quiet voice did not surprise him ;
Two very popular festivals of Islam are Id-Ul-Fitar and Id-Ul-Ajha.
Befor his abcl was badly usuceesful he had severe attacks
Nautilus could not create the following required folders: %s.
Here's the forward version of the very famous song.
Block all sites from using the camera and microphone
For elephants working in yards , sheds are necessary .
So we're really comparing apples to apples.
territory scientific are also need
they can halt even the lion.”
List of rivers of India
Have you got the facts right ?
Was it Your Grace that guarded me ?
A graphical frontend for Hamachi.
I repeated this over and over again,
This station is available to subscribers only.
The representation being used for primary icon
Advanced techniques for resetting your password
Motor vehicle,airoplane(motor vehicles) like moving things.
Error: object path not specified.
But it's not only about that.
I enter the fiery gate at noon .
Home-school agreements should remind you of this .
after seeing this he became very happy
Import of this survey file failed
sachin tendulkar lends a helping hand
Sarojini naidu with Mahatma Gandhi
You cannot attach the file “{0}” to this message.
I was listening to all the noise
Rhythmbox could not get access to the CD device.
because we are the leaders of tomorrow,
“”Gunmain Nirgun, Nirgun main Gun, Baat Chaadi Kyun Bahinse“”.
So often, we look at dollar terms -
the story of akbar .
that when I talked about that example,
to the quiet, the subtle,
Move the selected photos back into the library
As Sent Folder for Wide View
Chhal - Sheh Aur Maat
to come out in the market.
ignoring invalid font size {0}
Add this as drawer to panel
and then fill it up with helium.
Have you requested an independent review of your complaint ?
for friendly artificial intelligence, friendly machine intelligence.
The winner boxes the air
The “first” document contains no text.
So we are 99 percent
his children would go to school.
For accessing Microsoft Exchange 2007/OpenChange servers via MAPI
All unique token numbers have been removed.
Save the current search parameters
In these conditions , you may need medical aids .
Recording audio tracks on a rewritable disc is not advised.
But he did not reply .
He's a former hotel manager;
the insurgency that's been unleashed on your people,
The license type of the program
Your complaint will then be dealt with:
I asked how to do the greater Ridgeway,
{0} left the network {1}
to leave spaces between words
The server is not a SOCKSv4 proxy server.
Modulus (%{MODULUS_NUM_BITS} bits): %{MODULUS_HEX_DUMP} Public Exponent (%{PUBLIC_EXPONENT_NUM_BITS} bits): %{EXPONENT_HEX_DUMP}
Can not mark '%s' for upgrade
It gives them signals about how you regard drugs.
and look at themselves before they were so Islamicized -
Set as background for this folder
in the Japanese Alps, in Northern America,
But that cannot be the whole truth .
If they hadn't invited back Al-Qaeda,
Failed to open temporary file
Some goods have manufacturers ' guarantees .
The method to use to edit this image
of some of the most effective, intelligent,
It is not possible to log this statement
But we have to be careful because malaria -
they ran out of space.
Don't ask again. Always overwrite!
And we do about 300,000.
Auto-check exclusive option if all others are checked
And this is detrimental to the local ecology
The insect society is extremely complex and highly organized .
So, this is an actual dynamic simulation animation.
2 . have receipts and any other documents handy ;
Here I got a prison assignment.
And of course, most of you don't support the insurgency;
Conditions of employment 3 11
AIM Work Screen Name 2
Essentially to say, “We will do anything to placate you.
Displays a list of lists.
they call it the defamation of religion -
Enhanced Data Rates for GSM Evolution
US[ Default value for http]
Whether italic attribute is set
The superstructure of the vimana is of brickwork .
Synchronize contact info and images from Pidgin buddy list
Enable remote python debugging with rpdb2
Philosophical background of 'Pushti' poetry (Ghanshyam Prasad Sanadhya, (Taptilok))
and saw the demo by Jeff Han
sir mohammad were part of this group
Both Veg and Non-veg varieties are being liked|
and in about 20 seconds
And actually, Redditors in the Internet community
Rename the selected task list
and I was somewhat resistant at times,
Audio filters are used to process the audio stream.
- Martin Luther King, Jr.
the bulb people and the fire people.
Some Rs 7 crores were raised through loans .
Oct 00 0000, 00:00 PM
Google is a company specializing in internet search engine.
if architecture and biology became one.
Na Tum Jaano Na Hum
do you picture continuing with this dream, working in energy?
Personal sankalaa are also haven
[into] a 100-percent-sanitary-napkin-using country in my lifetime.
God always values inner purity and not outward appearance .
The editors of Hans were Premchand and Munshi.
that allowed the robots to make more realistic facial expressions
The annual yield varies from one to two kilograms .
How can I understand those invisible forces?”
And that guides him back to that location
GREG LUMELSKY New York City
one of the most dangerous borders in the world.
So he reached lord Ganesha by the idea of Brahma.
List of Indian state birds
We cool them with breezes. We heat them with sunshine.
Ibn Rashud, who gave birth to Ibn Rashudism in Philisophy.
Unable to change to user
Failed to start Sound Preferences: %s
And he said it was the first dry season
Could not load '$1%{PLUGINPATH}' for plugin.
How have we convinced ourselves
Are you sure you want to abort the running session?
who ready 24 hours in advance
Nainital-Udhamsingh Nagar (Lok Sabha constituency)
Could not delete network “{0}”
when I'm talking to her,
Binding to copy a screenshot of an area to clipboard.
sequestered in a shadowy world of darkness
I will come to it later.
So I made a group of work
Retrying failed download of ${SUBST0}
A&utomated Input Level Adjustment (on/off)
the black box lights up
Vivah - A Journey From Engagement To Marriage
He 's growing in confidence . ”
and see if the thing leaves?”
“Wear all your colorful clothes and sing and dance,
No mail exchanger record for '%s'
Please enter the new password for this network.
Whether the entry contents can be edited
Central Time - Rainy River & Fort Frances, Ontario
<a jsvalues=“href:learnMoreUrl”>%{BEGIN_LINK}Learn more</a>%{END_LINK} about this problem.
If they won't submit, kill them.
Since, our work has focused
No application with name '%s' registered a bookmark for '%s'
Create Google Chrome shortcuts in these locations:
I was sent to a place,
Fifteen and seven make twenty-two .
List of castles in Ghana
Bheeshm: Bheeshm's naming was done in the name of Devrath|
and that, it seems to me, is what ultimately
A religeon which shows only attaining knowledge will not work
Toggle whether we are working offline.
This could be investigated for forgery.
I told you three things last year.
Display notification when a member joins
truths that have otherwise come to you through your mind.
Could not install the upgrades
All questions meet consistency standards
Only if you control and regulate it,
1 (Default) 2 3 4
Object name, click to show/hide sensors
Well it turns out that the babies,
Our job is to look and say,
and helping to do term sheets and raise capital.
Because that is where dignity really starts.
Create Document from template “%s”
The baby sits on a parent's lap,
Minimum possible value for Y
India's national portal (In Hindi)
So, I love that sometimes we need to
Unable to open memos in '%s': %s
And that's hard to -
you are caring for someone who is ill or disabled
Perform common mailing list actions (subscribe, unsubscribe, etc.).
This is the way imperialism still functions in Asia .
You can also import photos in any of these ways:
Note Synchronization Conflict Saved Behavior
You can see them if you go to YouTube/KenyaTunes.
%1 songs found (showing %2)
Birla Institute of Technology and Science
You do not have permissions to access the destination folder.
Whether it is possible to create modal dialogs
But before I do that,
WHAT ' S IN IT FOR ME ?
No, agile aerial robots like this one.
Aquarius water is as same,this says is contable
You are now known as {newname}
formerly known as your pension,
This is a training ground where one group
View/PostTo menu item is checked
of saving your child's life.
The server may be overloaded
Image to use as texture for the skydome
Advancing slowly , they searched among the stones .
These are some of the images
but this activity without physical support does not come under
You go again, and again, and again.
Number of recently used files
without the need for further religious superstructure.
Files isn't your default file manager.
Gulf of Mannar Marine National Park
in terms of the number of puzzles solved?
Keep listening to what it has to say . ”
Recognising the warning signs of VKDB
The Arabic has an incantatory,
is bringing us closer and closer together.
Restore each selected icons to its original size
You have certificates on file that identify these certificate authorities:
and that's what elicits a laugh.
by exploding it into something spectacular.
Laxman fought against Meghnad and killed him.
Silence is one of the hardest arguments to refute.
Allah would lead him to astray.
And pretty soon, they began shipping that coal,
Incompatible terminal config file version.
Could not open the folder {0}
can't seek on file descriptor %d
Move windows to current workspace when unminimized
The system tracks the four significant fingers.
Width of the left margin in pixels
Enable Middle-Click Paste On Icon
Username and/or password invalid. Please try again
“ Why don ' t you answer ? ”
But the boy continued ,
max downtime must be greater than 0.
{0} joined the network {1} and {2} other network
that gives you relevant information
In Hindi all pronouns it show lady and gents
No DNS record of the requested type for '%s'
What is happening in Afghanistan is scarcely different .
and it looks like it's almost about to fall.
Rotate building or map clockwise
Couldn't create temporary file for saving: %s
before the age of one.
What is a smear test ?
And I say, 'Look at me. You are not dead.
The young man should be made first.
about a piece of my research
that stories go beyond our capacity for keeping us entertained.
Esc cleans whole pre-edit buffer
It is the love essence , which is the nature.
This is used as [Media Enclosure] in feeds
How long will it be before he enters Parliament ?
Dash pattern used to draw the tree view grid lines
Whether this tag affects the foreground stipple
Allow all sites to track my physical location
Error creating directory ‘%s': %s
From kharif 1998-99, this scheme has been discontinued.
kabir was a lover of peace, non voilence, and Rightiousness
and problems which you couldn't anticipate
the economy gets blown, people lose a job,
5. How much majority required
we get the lift at the upper wing,
People travel long distances to come and see these .
Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep%3F
Another half an hour and we would have won.”
and they are just one of the manifestations
Yet the fact that so few people
when I was working with a young pianist.
GConf key used to lookup default session
Do me that kindness …
what was going to happen next.
All things are one .
is, boy, in the '50s you were taught manners.
The total size of the file
Channels are visible in Graph Editor for editing
Mark messages as read after
The minimum scale of the viewport.
Add a profile for the device
The minimum amplitude (dB) must be an integer
Whether to show role field in the event/task/meeting editor
it literature/language quality was superior and was liked by arabis
My dad was not alone.
Not rise to it, rise with it.
“ Who are you ? ” hissed Rejsek .
a society that is fair and just,
the great ramayana is only the universal ramayan
List of public sector undertakings in India
is like the thinking of the most brilliant scientists.
It has happened many times before .
Because that's the real message of PIPA and SOPA.
Use “%s” to open the selected item
They are entrepreneurs. [Unclear] told us they are always
BG: So some of those views we saw
Until now Premchand wrote under the name of Dhanpat Rai
Supreme court's region of authority
Waiting for subprocess termination failed
Could not parse command-line options: %s
Cows are fairly good milk-yielders .
There are about 120, you see them here.
Click to choose an icon
Their hunters could smell animal urine at 40 paces
Enable or disable WiMAX mobile broadband devices
Yes (Forced by the system administrator)
Uttar Pradesh State Assembly Elections, 2007
Apply Permissions to Enclosed Files
Evolution Mail composer configuration control
Index of Contries through uses of Mobile phone
I had many stories of America.
Preparing delicious food is an Art or science.
He really captures that sense of density
Some were also settled in Little Andaman .
View files as a detailed view
they built a low-cost housing development,
Stage 3: Drawing up a flow diagram.
Input tool(beta) for microsoft induct language
The main crops grown here are: Paddy,Sugarcane,Pulses,potato and wheat.
Number of lines for change
Enable popup notifications for new messages
How to appeal against a decision
For Firefox any other Hindi version - search plug-in
He has the freedom to use everything on the earth.
A third-party extension has blocked access to this webpage.
He looked quietly at me and said,
So, I think it is simple to say
Mumbai port is the best marine port of India.
Could not go offline in the network “{0}”
this is called the confluence of the three rivers.
Hold your head up. Look at me.
your life depends on it . ”
How do you parameterize “mostly”?
<unrecognized version - possibly corrupt project file>
and we met a woman,
The suggestion was turned down as inappropriate .
as a clean energy generation problem,
the facial feedback response theory.
You did not enter a password.
to be kind to themselves first and then to others,
and you put yourself in places
to think this means you love me.
List of rivers of Africa
Turn on accessibility features from the keyboard
3. Then all the social discrimination will be removed.
I think a great example of this
Now most organizations that are trying to send messages
Encrypt the file list too
When democracy came to India 60 years back
Indian Institute of Technology Bhubaneswar
The revolutionary, Chandrashekhar Azad also assisted him in this action.
4. Hindutvas aim is above heaven and hell
Drive %s does not contain audio files
Realism introduced by Premchand in Hindi!
that ended last week made no further progress on.
Intense grief and anguish gripped the entire nation .
Mahashakti Bharat (Super power India) Google book; Author- Vedpratap Vaidik)
We are still a semi-feudal country .
Kiran Bir Sethi: And the city will give free time.
but we don't really love technology,
Could not delete folder index file '%s': %s
Let's say the kid is fixated on Legos.
1. Not formed by the decided number.
Here she remained as the Principal and also the Chancellor.
Will I have to sign the agreement ?
is to help the parties to go to the balcony.
Encode filenames in an Outlook/GMail way
Set this device for all users on this computer
24 Febravuary.1553Akbar took his charge
A required element (%s) was not present.
Use the normal view size
♫ Friends and lovers and lonely sunbathers ♫
Please call 999 only in emergencies.
Products have gone to the market, a few.
Parsed value '%s' is not a valid D-Bus object path
No wonder people are averse to doodling at work.
complete Mahabharata is divided into 18 session
that seems to be connected
thousands of users in 170 countries
But when I lecture to environmentally-concerned students,
The Dozo, they are the traditional hunters
It will be more like a living organism
A total maverick from a remote province of Afghanistan,
Hindu lokes to call their religion as vedic religion
Entire hall was occupied by dust
and british people were very badly behaved with the workers
It was the old man who spoke first .
In that way mahabharath completed in 3 years.
So this was a great project.
where it searches for planets
You don ' t say ?
History's one very important fuction
Rama preached to people and people expressed the gratitude
Display this location with the list view.
page unselected from cursor position
<description> specified twice for this theme
all wearing white t-shirts with no political slogans.
It's that you can see the world as it isn't.
Pictures of Red Fort of Delhi.
There was a problem posting this review to %s
The crime rates in Bosnia today
I'll just show you some of the experiments.
Battlestar Galactica (2004 TV series)
Follow symlinks, mounts and shortcuts like dirs
Mahendra Sanskrit then open with the other University
You can usually get extra money for your family .
have been deported or killed
Failed to open sound file.
I would want to take in their praise of me
Because after all, if you ask even grownups about statistics,
to bring quality, affordable maternal health care
You can use this in listening, in communication.
(To auto-refresh this page use chrome://%{PAGENAME}/<secs>)
Well, I did this at a school in Boston
I know a gentleman married for 25 years
Cannot get folder '%s': not a directory.
Can you get somebody in my house to work,
Lord Vishnu commanded Brahma to create the universe .
one man taking a cigarette and burning her,
Text to be displayed in the progress bar
because they didn't believe us,
Failed to read saved session file %s: %s
We gave people this horrible-tasting drink
Raise window above other windows
and contribute to the evolutionary pressures
Tagore wrote around 2230 songs.
Change in the Rule of Delhi
According to 2001 census (old statistics)
It's about enjoying mundane sounds.
The women however , do not drink .
Now we're already starting to see some experiments here.
because what she says is so clever,” you'd feel cheated.
If set, wrap lines if the text becomes too wide.
And when the insect gets there and lands on it,
Currently there are no conditions configured for this survey.
and this is what you see?
Times of India's list of seven wonders of India
Think or communication is a prayers for career.
Materials used in Tajmahal are from Asia and India.
Sorry, adding the cdrom was not successful.
and counter to serious learning.
What happened was the bactericide was formulated
The first, to my mind,
Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam
Use of this Online/Offline can ever be written in Hindi
He travelled to nazi germany and met Hitler
they would just give her the crackers,
information regarding importance of the diwali days
Conversational media, first the telegraph, then the telephone.
A better deal for tenants
No drawops provided for frame piece
Effect of compulsion is not immediate.
moved in a more democratic direction.
But I had a really striking experience once,
you could draw little circles to say,
Position of the local video window
Error: Method name '%s' is invalid
Publish calendars to the web.
I want to introduce the creators, Alex and Daniel,
trying to understand something of the pain of others;
WWW.mainstee.com is the first online hindi website for woman
And think about it this way:
Create new empty partition table on this device?
Cannot make directory in this location
5. Salary and allowances of the Comptroller and auditor general(CAG)
Haemophilus influenzae type b -LRB- known as Hib -RRB- .
If you spin something, it tends to fly out.
Special session of Lok Sabha
But that ' s no help .
that we don't even need to densify an entire city.
as they have an idea.
until a woman came rushing across the campus
The man did not slacken his pace .
Host name to use for SOCKS requests.
in terms of its expansion.
and my avocation as a volunteer firefighter,
Absian rule became weak politically.
this robot is basically doing that.
Whenever he reached there ,people love him very much
The single story creates stereotypes.
Download the package from a website.
This delta forest is moving slowly towards the sea.
US Std Fanfold, 14 7/8 x 11 in
but it's the shared narratives that make us a culture.
We use gestures not only to interact with these objects,
But stories can also repair that broken dignity.
Heart and blood vessel diseases still kill more
Ali's army triumphed in the battle.
Now if I'd not done that,
And the main case was,
Okay, for example, that's Palestine.
He is everything in this world, soul of the world.
virtual tor of Taj mahal in Internet.
- Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid AI Maktoum
Draupadi's marriage by choosing among the suitors.
every day in their own communities.
Indian Institute of Technology Mandi
So there has been a lot of change.
If not , walk away .
Practice: not only for reading and understanding the Koran
“ You don ' t say ?
( New Start Project )
Go to the first image of the gallery
You are not allowed to set assessment rules!
of the early 21st century, “What do you do?”
the normal interface of a physical sticky note
Read the files &directly from the original (faster)
He reached India on 22 March 1947 .
NPAPI plugins are not supported.
Q . Ansari had a genuine Pakistani passport .
until you get that concept,
Could not install package: '$1%{ERRORCODE}'
and what excites our spirit and our energy.
is also what is best for the world.
Failed to remove entry: %s
Children should always show great forbearance toward grown-up people .
In our mind, the relevant metric
The service is available 24 hours a day.
Puran poli is the cultural food of Maharashtra
all of those people who disagree with you?
The Protection from Eviction Act 1977 2
The days rushed madly on .
Usually it's one or two a year.
Home Responsibilities Protection -LRB- HRP -RRB-
I mean, I've been saying I've been prepping.
Get 1 TB free with Google Drive
WorkPlace: Teacher at Allahabaad University
Could not install theme engine
Sitaram Kesri must have been the loneliest of Congressmen .
Later on, those were translated or adapted.
Might be there are some hidden (political) reasons behind this.
Adds movie properties to the sidebar
“Right, we'll build some glitzy leagues here in India.”
It is like that .
Institute for research on the World war on terrorism.
for it to speak to the Westerners
India at the 1936 Summer Olympics
You have just inserted a digital audio player.
Error setting up camera communications port
Muslims regard Jesus as the master of Sufism,
Netaji gave these islands new names of Martyr and Freedom
Failed to open CHM archive '%s'.
Puppets is the way we communicate.
which is the flower story.
Central Government use Hindi and English for official transactions.
Choose sort order for Pick Items mode
And we want to tell our grandchildren
Class: High profile commercial district
Mammography means taking an X-ray of your breast .
And imagine a bunch of kids
URI '%s' invalid for importing contents to
Whether this tag affects the left margin
He who is now Dr. Carlock in the movie.
Convenience to man, inconvenience to man, pleasure to man.
These were largely achieved .
Export the tasks currently listed
Department of the Environment, Transport and the Regions
Template:Provinces and territories of Canada
which increase the Region Intelligence of Religion
Cannot create MAPI source in offline mode
File ${INDEX} of ${TOTAL} at ${SPEED}/s
So I came back to Newcastle
Keyboard shortcut to switch to tab 1
Shake it, and you have a lesbian couple.
he was a drum player;
He learns his whys and wherefores, his causes and correlations,
Unique Identification Authority of India
What could he say ?
that classical music is dying.
and realize a whole bunch of different representations.
It's pacific, coordinated civil action,
It doesn't know even how to survive,
Manuscript group (something related to vedas)
Could not apply the stored configuration for monitors
Constant “%s” has already been defined
The property '%s' / '%s' is invalid: %d
Unable to send file %1%: %2%
Category:Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur
Allow roaming if home network is not available
it will only activate two out of six times.
Sarojini naidu with mahatma gandhi.
There are tons of school projects.
to a challenge of hope.
The capital of Indias is new delhi.
Type a new password for '%s'
His memorial is sacred to his followers.
Well, that's today, but we don't even know
built on $1.50 a sq. ft.
“ No , I haven ' t. ”
Search for files by file name and file properties
Death: 18th January 2003 in Mumbai.
If he passes beyond them he commits a sin .
IMI for Hindi and Indian languages
Support services for families of drug users
When I walked across Afghanistan,
It's that reeeee-e-e-each out, the physical contortion
which is where the rich countries are.
Folder of user '%s' not found
Now, this last minute before I go -
If traffic is coming let it pass .
We all want to be stars -
therefore this is considered to be fair
Always blind carbon-copy (bcc) to:
So this brings me to lesson number one:
so that we can talk about it across disciplines.
Are you sure you want to permanently delete “%B”?
The main qualification for this is :
On the other hand, it's a nightmare;
on the Financial Reform Bill.
he writes, “They are also people without heads,
You just don't hear that every day.
So, if this is true,
The Client class has been renamed EthernetClient.
Indian Institute of Science Education and Research, Thiruvananthapuram
For that, we use an initial measurement unit.
Could not open the URL {0}
Party for National Unity and Solidarity
He used to reside at Gaughat between Mathura and Agra.
That's why I'm not running after this bloody money.
Failed to load image information
Whether the text should be justified
In fact, when India was growing
of the box that their rat's in.
He noticed Basava 's deep attachment to God .
Who performs the test ?
All India Council for Technical Education
Now this is a plant.
Enter/check items with “Barcode OI Plugin”.
of an oil spill or a sun.
the Taliban followed the troop deployment.
Tamil is a south Indian language, and I said,
In Mumbai, Bhabha atomic research centre is also situated.
Social Democratic Party of Austria
When you walk the talk, people believe you.
depends on how lucky you are.
Deciding which are critical to consumer safety .
Aurimas Černius and Tomboy original authors
Newra,Creestaoph,and mobile communication: Essay on cognitive and community,2003
Palk straight;s naisa shuttle photo ram bridge's satellite snaps
Shortage of funds is another hurdle .
Writing a political column is a tricky business .
The most prominent theory of Islam
You know, Lebanon as a country has been once destroyed
Several volumes of his stories published posthumously Mansarovar!
this increase in cost of technology?
It is generally of black or grey colours .
The Legend of Spyro: Dawn of the Dragon
It is also teeming with nostalgia .
Having a telephone in my country was a huge luxury.
Insert a rewritable or blank CD
And even if you graduate from high school,
setrlimit(%s, (%u, %u)) failed: %s
Now, how would you walk - because you know,
The monk was irritated .
But the Mongols get there first.
Options specifying the horizontal behaviour of the child
It has imperial rooms in it.
Server doesn't support the FPCopyFile operation
And the second night, he would take the same cap
Scan hard drives for an installer ISO image
General Secretary of the Communist Party of China
this property is not allowed for '%s=%s'
URI of an image file to burn (autodetected)
The HAL Hindustan Jet Trainer-36
You can apply exactly the same dynamic perspective on India.
Do you think you could go to the store
Was the arrest wrong ?
“ What on earth do I know … ?
Modifier to use for extended window management operations
The child process was aborted by signal %d.
We would cover our books in grocery bags
You can get more information from the DSS website.
Cannot do diplomacy as there are no other players.
This miracle is authorizes by all
scales as a fifth power of R.
that brought democracy to the planet.
No , he cannot do that .
Sex is man's basic needs
Swatantra Varta: Major South Indian daily
Do you get enough sleep ?
on the inputs to the hippocampus,
When I was 16 in San Francisco,
Choose what applications to start when you log in
Whether to pack items at the start of the box
We can integrate over the surface,
and Afghanistan is simply one act
But in West African music the “one”
The next time you see somebody driving a Ferrari
And then finally, the one statistic
It's either poverty, low attendance,
or of Indian Councils of Science Research
And when Noah had done built his Ark,
And he laughed again .
Mr. Leiken's insights lead to important conclusions for counterterrorism.
and we're all going to get bumps.
Growth finishes by the age of 18-21.
preventing people from maintaining themselves by sordid means ;
He was one of Founder members of Hindustan Republican Association.
and elsewhere, and look at what needs to be done.
Cycles to the next key echo level.
Change the properties of the selected folder
There's a factory out there making our children blind,
Solar eclipse of January 15, 2010
One in every five fatal heart attacks is smoking related.
One Thousand and One Nights
as something which was forbidding, something which was intimidating,
“ Are there hunters on that planet ? ”
that appeared in a mom and pop bakery
Here are three reasons to expect a break from business-as-usual:
the vapour content is sufficient in the land part
view the universe at a small scale.
-t maximum tries to connect (default 15)
And I mentioned this to him,
Engine modifications have some marked advantages .
The password or PIN is invalid
I'm sure you're familiar with that already.
And if you're one of those people,
class; world's important daily newspaper
During this subhash babu was known by the name bose
wouldn't the world be a better place
Sudoku, place unique symbols in a square.
some three million years ago.
and our place in it.
Connection refused through SOCKSv5 proxy.
so, it's a wheel-leg hybrid.
could not find user “%s” on system
She did not notice it .
He is a multi style sahityakar.
The server could not find the file.
Importer Berkeley Mailbox format folders
the government in the south - the capital, Abidjan -
“ Do you ever feel afraid ? ”
Change the start time for the media
Cannot connect MAPI store in offline mode
as a cooling off period.
Stereo to Mono Effect not found
and have this kind of multi-resolution experience.
Windows that should be shown in switcher
to see what they think they mean?
The meeting is invalid and cannot be updated
National Handicrafts and Handlooms Museum, New Delhi
Name of the installed effect that was selected last
I want you to true your wheels:
These functions are mediated through proteins .
“ There now - that is all … ”
“And what do you mean with Western world?” I said.
Wherever he went he made the people happy
“ Hm … ? ”
These people believe that the Indus script
We saw the food riots in 2008,
and I wanted to leave you with a closing thought.
So they're the protected blue sky guys
Sakshi Hona (Shahadah)- this word literally means 'to give evidence'.
No extra blood will be taken.
Success for me is to raise happy, healthy human beings.
Large number of Sanskrit Rexts in Devnagari script
except, when they did it first,
What was most significant for me
B6 Envelope, 176 x 125 mm
She heard them , too , in her hiding-place .
and spread to 1,500 government schools.
But 1936 Shyama had expired because of TB.
who possess untold amounts of untapped potential.
“ Good morning , ” said the merchant .
we get far fewer than 95 percent of our friends
What are the characteristics of this top quartile?
it cant be seen in any other place in india
Download Messages for Offline Usage
marathi film industry is also situated in Mumbai.
We now have a whole underground marketplace
from all sides in Ivory Coast.
Forth step on 30th march 1949
Output version information and exit
Displays a list of links.
Could not remove file %s: %s
Process “%s” ended with an error code (%i)
I don't have to say,
Khufia and terrorism information center - www.terrorism-info.org.il
I've spent the last five years of my life
Welcome to this sample survey
Sir Jamsetjee Jajeebhoy -LRB- 21 September 1921 -RRB-
Who will receive the organs?
than the cry of a child
They have legal status and a counsel is not needed.
There are 12 vowels and 34 consonant in Devanagari.
Or perhaps he was just a yogi,
Now to close, we heard a couple of days ago
Make sure they cover everything that you require .
No <template> specified in '%s'
<override> given but schema isn't extending anything
that our lineage made, albeit successfully, many generations ago.
The total 27% land of the country is Cultivable.
Papers and articles on terrorism and the United States
that goes on in democratic societies.
The premises should be thoroughly disinfected and cleaned .
This is the first step of construction of Rajasthan.
and popsicles in the backyard.
Search for a key, recursively.
A palette of named colors for use in themes
Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988
Could not rename %s to %s: %s
Click to stop the SMART self-test currently in progress
So when they're faced with the problem of government,
Brahma is one and the only one.
This help should be readily available.
all the way to Mesopotamia, present-day Iraq.
You manage, the village manages these warehouses.
3june,1973 he married to jaya bahdhuri in bangali traditional.
Will this be a problem ?
Preparing Wi-Fi network connection '%s'...
what do they say in China?
especially to the people who deal with structures in general.
Aye Mere Watan Ke Logo
The intestines of goats are used to make catguts .
IDE%s master, partition #%s (%s)
WARNING: invalid or missing type for schema (%s)
Artists liked by fans of %s
Failed to authenticate with LDAP server.
which is a random jumble of letters -
there will be a TED green and blue session,
I heard prayers of the Sufi -
Checks incoming mail messages to be Junk
Please enter a new name for your backup:
she's carrying her cheap Kmart purse with her -
The camera is actually doing -
Advisors of Akbar told him to move to Kabul
Alexander's Generals, divided his empire between themselves.
and because they sense the object,
the last Muslim enclave in Europe.
to do the right things.
Google Chrome is now importing Favorites/Bookmarks.
My friend looks at me totally blankly.
And it will help us, actually, not be machines
But Mullah Asmuddin proved to be incapable.
to drive him through the streets of Kabul.
Failed to authenticate on POP server %s:
Tendulkar is not regular bowler.
Close project immediately with no further changes
nairee,kristoff,ad Mobile learning: psychological and education articles,2003
They were published in 1941 as Letters from Jail .
Disable sticky keys if two keys are pressed together
anything you can dream up right now,
You can take some water, you can have a map,
The sources of this civilization are Veda and Puran.
50 miles east of Nashville -
So get on your knees and repeat it.”
<link xref=“a11y#vision”>Seeing</link>, <link xref=“a11y#sound”>hearing</link>, <link xref=“a11y#mobility”>mobility</link>, <link xref=“a11y-braille”>braille</link>...
United Nations: Conferences on Terrorism
Will having hepatitis B infection affect my pregnancy and delivery?
and take that to my everyday objects, everyday life
We must wait until it is time . ”
to distance ourselves from the reality
Ignored - retained for compatibility
R.S.S under english abbreviation is really simple Syndication.
Their addresses and telephone numbers are in the phone book.
It should be well-attached to the body .
Can you? Do you jam? Do you have anything else?
Conceptual strength as it is even today in her text.
Advanced settings. Use with care.
There is discussion about four books in Quran:
you know what I'm talking about -
Are you sure you want to uninstall Google Chrome?
1999 Great American Insurance ATP Championships
Fine, but how to achieve this?
IMEI of Hindi writer (Development stopped)
Receive new items from all accounts
But then I realized that we humans
becomes extremely bright and vivid,
List of fishes of India
Their pronunciations are slightly different in Hindi.
and they still disagree with us,
Choose a country, territory or area:
This is also the largest monument in Delhi.
For more information, contact your local council.
of the people in the country.
Alamieyeseigha was arraigned in London.
it could save their life .
is in our own head.
Running in system mode, forcibly disabling exit idle time!
“ Like Salome ? ”
This is a ram .
I'm not telling you that story.
Display notification when a member goes offline
So that is the way I feel:
it became the first car
These goats are prolific .
Is there any room for that experience in Atheism 2.0?
Mexican Central Time - Bahia de Banderas
Whether to use symbolic icons
they could be put back into poverty, sometimes for generations.
Message to show in the dialog
See, these are totally different worlds.
The social and political discussion.
Art can create an analogy.
from almost nothing - that is, something extremely tiny,
because I understood what was happening to this young man.
Error migrating documents and settings
List of birds of India
A very supportive friend of mine,
National Institute of Mental Health and Neurosciences
It is a sweet and rich dialect .
The Governor cannot hold any other office of profit .
The latter fought the election with great success .
Bug buddy is not installed.
no usable DHCP client could be found.
They want what we want for our children,
View/Bcc menu item is checked.
PostScript Printer Description files (*.ppd, *.PPD, *.ppd.gz, *.PPD.gz, *.PPD.GZ)
almost like I were an extension of his body -
This baby is fully electric.
To be set at next login
0100 h 060 m 060 s+.# samples
so a lot of people fit in there
Dealing with faults and repairs
Bruce Wayne is in his bedroom
WK: I want to made a windmill.
to deal with the conflict that affects our everyday
And look at this whole range of cycle-based innovations:
Use diffuse light when screen is transformed
The Knight in the Panther's Skin
But since then he has made amends .
to realize that they're not remote at all.
Failed to rename file '%s' to '%s': grename() failed: %s
And we all do this a little differently,
Whether the scroll wheel should be used for zooming.
List of Grand Slam men's singles champions
Large version of normal pointer
See, it's outrageous as a conception, but it attracts people.
and create a deeper sense of understanding
Participate in the package usage survey
These parameters control how the installer works.
creates ethereal sculptures and installations
In 1947, he became the first prime minister of India.
My buddy says, 'C'mon, let's do this.'
Automatically log into the system after selecting options
How much fluoride in water is needed to protect teeth?
And the same is true for the troops.
Heinrich Wilhelm Gottfried von Waldeyer-Hartz
All accounts have been removed.
“ What promise ? ”
My colleagues, Iravatham Mahadevan and Asko Parpola,
an experience nobody can say, “I am denied of,”
%{PRODUCTNAME} is displayed in this language
Can you build a machine
Can you imagine what you would feel
We think this one thing is going to happen
Forrest North: The beginning of any collaboration
this in 1998 was built by page and Brain surgeon
Send a current page screen shot
Could not connect to session bus: %s
Maybe I am the whole.
denoted by Greek letter alpha here,
Chris Anderson: You guys were amazing.
India at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Gandhiji was not present in this session.
it fires whenever the animal gets near
all based off of that core of,
to be more of a thinking and cognitive mind.
is, what is a goal for development,
and on painting day, we all gathered in Nyamirambo,
to the greater war, to the greater battle.”
And the rich man - oh, dear - crestfallen.
List of Bhojpuri film actors
Whether the main stage should be rendered offscreen
Whether the tab key cycles through elements on the page.
You cannot delete the last subquestion.
that religion really properly understood
Indian Institute of Science Education and Research, Pune
the number of slogas in Linga puran is 11,000
Ravindra Sangit available on Website
Lipik.in-Easy way for Hindi typing
that are building the tools that we need
Political, social and economical differences
few managed to reach the shore .
The interval between connectivity checks (in seconds)
Error reading %lld bytes from offset %lld
with a much more accurate neurological diagnosis
Enable or disable the “Action Box” experimental toolbar UI.
In mankind the one lakh is the indian contribution.
or Chennai was there, or Bangalore was there.
And that animated graphics can make a difference.
to really start listening to each other.
South Georgia And The South Sandwich Islands
Alex Monro , Botany researcher .
Can not install theme. The bzip2 utility is not installed.
And this is a bird on the cover of science
Add Media Gallery by Directory
But now it has 7-8 thousand posts.
The principle about spreading of pollution
He was suffering from brain seizures
Where do you fit in ?
the trade-to-GDP ratio, people have this tendency
Back door entry position - hand carrier position
Sign in with your Google Account
for the Taliban to protect them.
Count how many items are under the magic hat
Most of the people belonged to Punjab .
Start the browser in application mode
Place your right ring finger on %s
Failed to get folder properties: %s
This setting is enforced by your administrator.
for the first six months of life, exclusively.
He had a strong belief, there may be anxiety
Converting video file to MPEG2
I do not ask for any mercy .
We live in a world filled with destructive technology,
Around 8,400 houses were built by donor agencies .
Represent times and durations in &beats
Allow zoom greater than 100% initially
Flood of analogy, shower of money were started.
WK: Yeah, I want to build another one -
we can determine a number of things.
My question is: How many of those stories
will keep a girl in school,
And Jim . He was shyer and shyer .
and it suppresses the control
Please wait while $1%{PRODUCTNAME} installs the latest system updates.
Startup direction of view: xxxx
line selected up from cursor position
This was published by Madurai Mudaliar m 1857 .
So, technically, it's a little bit complex,
Revolutionary Front for an Independent East Timor
Show cookies and site data
This was an incredible, coordinated global response.
Sent to calendar '%s' as canceled
the direction and the intensity.
I had become convinced that books,
of the tragic loss of lives
Continuous improvement is better than delayed perfection.
45 kilowatts of panels on the roof.
Read metadata from %s files
And do you know what the Pakistani cricketer said?
Manage notes on your SD Card with “OI File Manager”.
Academy of the Hebrew Language
And I said, “Ma, would you slow down?”
The second set of ideas I call “ideas in progress.”
Cannot retrieve thread scheduling policy.
that have shown this playing around
Some places are doing this with new eco districts,
She's what I know today to be mentally ill,
Gram pulses, rice, vegetables and pickle are their general food
According to Soorsaravali his age was 67.
This entry lets you select a saved session
Failed to roll back transaction: %s
Default width for image preview.
and the government can invest in infrastructure -
is in the unorganized sector.
Choose a folder for saving sent messages.
should have the same perspective.
And we're going to be able to invent brain-based interventions
we're a group of friends who arrive there,
Clutter profiling flags to set
Why must my child go to school regularly ?
Now we're also about to publish a study -
It was like flying .
that's playing a much longer game.
and no one has ever chose farmer.
This thing that looks like a peacock hit a windscreen
City of Agra, Uttar Pradesh province Adopt Hahshial
Keyboard shortcut to close a window
What can creatures like us know of such things?
So I was thinking, can you remove us as creators
Not for a country like India .
It was the advice that I decided to follow myself
to take to off the site.
She acquired a nurse's uniform,
is very practical in all public schools.
But by other ways this region is very important.
The GNOME Translation Project <gnome-i18n@gnome.org>
Text rendered when an editable cell is empty
Passed single-use password was wrong or user doesn't exist
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
Indian Hindi Cinema is very popular in Pakistan.
And that's actually where our story begins.
What part of this do people not understand?
Tagore created about 2230 songs.
Learn about multiples and factors.
Check at least %d answers
Always start with the list viewed last time.
Long time prevalent belief of its purification has scientific proof.
Welcome to Audacity version %s
I came back after two months,
Who Will Get the Help
Its real name is Tejo Mahaaly.
That's like 25 grand a smile.
Enable the menu accelerator key (F10 by default)
The Earth is large , ” said the snake .
biology is war in which only the fiercest survive;
they produced an election forum booklet
Multi file zips are not supported
United States of America: 2.790
Never manage the desktop (ignore the GSettings preference).
We can have both models in our head simultaneously,
There are many more rounds to fight . . ..
Are you sure you want to delete $1 items?
of the number of participants.
What the poor thought was important
Use %A for address and %N for nickname
It's about making space for reflection and contemplation,
You must always have at least one panel.
So exactly why did China grow so much faster?
The keyval of the accelerator
What to do with dynamic title
Unable to read output from command Details: %s
Wait until the child exits
Same situation was in Iran.
Adding song to your Loved tracks
These are your statutory rights .
Highest runs in Oneday International World Cup Match
<b>%s</b> has assigned you a task:
Step outside of your shoes
they collapse from a three-dimensional formation into planar formation.
Since 2007 every other month
The personality of Akbar was multi-facet.
The file integrity check could not be performed.
mobile phone in hindi language
0100 h 060 m 060.01000 s
God knows before commit mistakes.
The next day is the festival of Bhaidooj.
Enter password to unlock the certificate
Specify the owner of a schema
The range must be at least 1 dB
There were other friction points .
#10 Envelope, 4 1/8 x 9 1/2 in
National Accreditation Board for Testing and Calibration Laboratories
in this way many ramayans were in the form
It identifies more with Aadim-Indo-European language.
what Heidegger called “the always already there.”
and not focusing on one topic.”
Allow running plugins that are outdated
In this part average rainfall is 12cm to 30 cm.
Failed to bind using either v3 or v2 binds
This theme is not in a supported format.
You need to configure Hamachi before you can connect.
Relatively sparse number of producers.
because the institutional and policy environment is hostile to business.
Certificate expired: %s Issuer: %s
but the Barefoot architects actually constructed the college.”
Edgar Degas, The Dancing Class - 1873-75
Add an email to the List
It says a lot about her peers who elected her.
Registration of political parties is
that they're going to face.
Your responses were successfully saved.
This area is still backward in terms of Industrial view.
For too long now, children with developmental disorders
Because it remains hard work for women to wash.
Error creating lock file ‘%s': %s
In 1930 subhashbabu in the jail.
Libvirt version does not support media listing.
and which symbols tend to follow each other.
but they will define the entertainment of the future.
The voice - a bell !
and scarce and lead to chaos.
reduced to a more narrow modality of thought,
View files as a list view
Cannot convert dialog units: dialog unknown.
I realized that he was different.
Shuparnkha went to her brother Raavan and complained.
It is the history and greatness of them
and human values that I've ever come across
The Walking Dead (TV series)
Buy books as presents instead of toys .
Dictionary between Hindi and many other languages
Move the selected file out of the trash to “%s”
The physicians of the ancient world -
PM: Yeah. Yes, yes, of course.
First asserted in the Berubari case ,
Some bookshops sell advice packs which includes the forms .
Display notification when a member leaves
{0} went offline in the network {1}
gives value for money ;
When women is on top.
Besides this they provide a needle-replacement service.
This is the door to the palace built for musicians.
Warning - Backup File Detected
Access and share your printers online with $1%{CLOUD_PRINT_NAME}
Great. Now, those over 25,
There are great ones like KIPPs, it's a great system.
I think it's people's curiosity
is that you have to be comfortable with this idea
This vedic vocabulary used and advertised by Maharshi Atharva.
and I loved this entrepreneurial thing.
The men fell into an animated discussion .
Report any changes without delay .
Now I don't pretend to have an answer
Muthubhood indological research institute(tantra and augmented studies)
And in the three years that I was Finance Minister,
Width of process 'X Server Memory' column
What about the massacres of Sikhs in 1984 ?
the same frustration, the same anger,
and the distribution of tens of millions
This is only 1,000 galaxies.
but to the finance ministers of the world,
but it's also held by anti-globalizers, who see this giant
She went to Auschwitz when she was 15 years old,
Pakistan is engaged in destabilisation throughout India .
to create voluptuous, billowing forms
And the main reason it hasn't worked
Key echo set to word and sentence.
and one bowl of delicious goldfish crackers.
We need to elongate the time frame
Just go on, go on in your room.
ideas, inspirations, intuitions brought into being
it's really hard to say what you mean.
whisper something and be heard on the other.
Delete the podcast feed and downloaded files?
Place your left little finger on %s
You may simply tyoe in Unicode or may use translitration
and with the horse shoer, but you can't ride him.
Lakshman fainted due to attack by Shaktibaan.
Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle
Later on she became a Member of the Rjaya Sabha.
He is beyond time, eternal and permanent.
For people aged 60 or over on a low income
By mandate, you cannot make a person compassionate.
while they forage or explore an environment
Regenerate alias summary files (safe and recommended)
The wind approached the boy and touched his face .
Sonia has cancelled all public engagements .
AIM Home Screen Name 2
Hindi font checker ad-on for Firefox
Old houses have their own life and countenance .
People thoroughly clean their houses, wear new dresses.
Telephone number of crime desk (where relevant):
but for us as well.
He wrote this to his love,
done in collaboration with Danish artist Soren Pors.
Where can I get an application form? 6 53
“Maybe I'll start contributing to my RSP now.”
You immerse yourself in the water,
Animate skydome when rotating cube
On the following day Gandhi left for Rangoon .
like how to be on time.
Chambal,Betava,Shardaand Ken river are Helping river of Yamuna.
We're having trouble feeding six billion today.
But there are still over 650 million Indians,
You must be an attendee of the event.
Padmabhushan Dr. Moturi Satyanarayan Award
Show Haguichi in the notification area
Before being hanged all the three of them were singing.
Color to use for odd rows
Failed to copy the tmp file
and all had an Abrahamic meal together.
within a wider fabric of places
that they really are the best example
He known as a very intelligent man.
It's telling us that something is going wrong.
Failure to comply with an abatement notice
and there's no Delhi belly in there anymore.
Unable to load /var/lib/dbus/machine-id or /etc/machine-id:
North Button Island National Park
AG: Okay, he's got his experimental notebook out.
These patients exhibit extreme sensitivity to sunlight .
Show cookies and other site data...
The picture there is Khrushchev.
Each temple has one or more gods worshiped
The ones I started were much more primitive.
Completion popup delay for interactive completion
Tyler Dewar: The way I feel right now
Economy of the United States
Insert a disc in the drive.
Ahonan,tomy m-profit:earning by 3g service ,2002,ISBN0,-470-84775-1
Display notification when a member leaves
Stories from Mahabharata ( Television serial)
Now, while I was at Microsoft, this funny thing happened.
Dreadful, thumbs down, embarrassing -
Can't find the GDM user '%s'. Aborting!
The organizer selected no longer has an account.
The task could not be deleted due to an error
Error when getting information for file '%s': %s
Geeta Bhashya - Adi Sankaracharya
You might be able to help each other .
In the North there is more variation in Season.
[Beltway Snipers]: Converts to Violence?
Do you really want to carry on with automatic splitting?
WK: Yeah. I'm 19 years now.
The learned Sessions Judge passed the sentence :
Housing and Older People housingpolicy_olderpeople@detr.gov.uk
WARNING: node <%s> not understood below <schema>
Sound filename to be played.
She saw them when she went out one morning .
or is it just India or developing countries?
just because that's where we're making observations.
having a valid email address
but no information, no follow-up,
as hallucinogenic because by the time you're under the effects
And what you see over here is a very popular
diwali preparations start after dussehra.
and I think it's a great book,
Binding to decrease the text size
Your heart gets more blood flow.
In basement, the idol of major god is established.
(See page 39 for useful organisations). <s> Financial matters.
to help protect the coal.
“”The Security Constitution,“” UCLA Law Review, volume 53, No. 29.2005
Talaash: The Answer Lies Within
Splits video in two same parts, like in a mirror
live a longer, healthier, happier life,
why aging is actually a good thing after all.
It was the smallest of all .
Gandhian killing was the worst tragedy india has ever seen
there was brownies, there was butter tarts,
Then the tranquility (highest feeling) will arise.
One of the most common ways of dividing the world
You are currently connected to the %{NETWORKTYPE} network.
The soil will have the sweet scent of my country.
who really developed neurosurgery as we know it,
Listen to a letter and click on the right one
left to right action helps to bring the words nearer
Americans have the Voice of America and the Fulbright scholarships.
Of course, you got it wrong.
Don ' t think about it .
Create a copy of this audio CD
That define what we want, and how we view ourselves.
it's like as soon as I would hear him cry,
.Man is free to work on this earth.
That, not only would it help my cousins right now,
Gujrati Tulsi Ramayana and characterization of characters of Ramayana.
Failed to close file '%s': fclose() failed: %s
in Pakistan Indian films are the most liked
Problems are foreseen and forestalled ;
I have to reevaluate them,
Get Started with Chrome OS
in 1937 japan has attacked on China
built to recycle the trash of this system.
at the southern tip of the small Saturnine moon
Working on average 16 hours a week or more ?
Keyboard shortcut to make font normal-size
because you discover your wholeness in yourself.
In his own book “”
take the Jewish idea of forgiveness.
What is the law ?
The London local authorities act 1991
And they started listening to the marketplace,
Information, newspapers and directory related to Raipur, Chattisgarh.
three things happened at the same time.
and Tony's not feeling very lucky.
Central Institute of Medicinal and Aromatic Plants
Enable support for Native Client hardware exception handling.
Error removing directory “%s”: %s
Config file '%s' is empty
wasted in this country alone.
so that no one would suspect where we were going.
The text encoding name of the resource
So as I do this,
You'll see advertising posters and place names.
Unexpected GnuPG status message encountered: %s
So all of this is taking data
Whether the clickable should be in pressed state
the family members, the neighbors.
who really are looking at innovation
TGA image type not supported
So when we have a robot
With this rajasthan will become water filled earth.
“ It ' s getting cool .
So the cell on the left, you can see,
Disable prefixed Media Source API.
Error removing domain state: %s
a few years before the rest of us.
Padding that should be put around icons in the tray
is that they have that sense of opportunity and possibility,
he was the supreme commander of Akbar's army.
Orchids: there are 20,000, at least,
1. president salary, pay mounts, connected with it
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time
Kamf mine many years ago called Hitler wrote his Atmacharith
to make books as beautiful as that? (MM: Yes.)
Contact SCODA for more details about these services .
that you may have been looking at on Amazon.
Create, change, or delete profiles.
has ceased to exist -
Search for extensions at Android Market.
Cattle like other ruminants have four stomachs .
He always said he is poor mens servent
Failed to mark all available upgrades!
Default Side Pane Background Filename
What we're looking forward to is -
We're born to make a difference.
Cannot connect to the service's server.
Object is invalid and cannot be updated
Always open a new window for browsing specified URIs
then the smart thing for companies to do
when you can talk to me like a -” what?
category : stories from the Puran
has separated most moral talk
We are on the threshold of our Revolution .
And this is the mimic.
They're a lot like embryonic stem cells
Profile does not match signature
“ You are strong . ”
From the fact that they are only serving one audience,
“No, I look up, and the light, she change.”
And what first attracted me, or interested me,
New gods and new visions are came.
and with the human-built environment.
You have not filled in all of the required information.
Some repairs are covered by the 'Right to Repair'.
The poster of Hindi film Jodha-Akbar in 2007.
that in the beginning version we are using with it.
.2. Special sessions of the Lower House
They haven't given up on government.
and they called it the Flash Crash of 2:45.
The actual investment turned out to be 10 percent.
Whether to display the column
and now have all been reduced to servitude and prostitution
He remained motionless for an instant .
There's no rocket science here.
“ Not just now .
and you know the reason -
And we had progress in the free media.
play soccer against the human World Cup champions
National Institute of Technology, Tiruchirappalli
Indian Agricultural Statistics Research Institute
Newra,Creestaoph and Explain Mobile:Epistemology of All over communication,2006
And it makes you really wonder
After his death, his stories published in Mansarovar in parts.
Exit shell on add or remove action performed
But they were more anarchists and syndicalists than socialists .
List of television stations in India
I find that Americans see the fragility in changes.
The problem is not the things we feel victims of.
And everything we learn after that
Error getting VCPU info: %s
Cannot allocate memory for loading XPM image
This was one of the most courageous steps
What does this result really show?
It is important that you have your say.
Set the browser to view only this genre
Indian Institute of Toxicology Research
needed to be repaid in a single harvest,
My provider uses GSM technology (GPRS, EDGE, UMTS, HSPA)
Revaluation started from madoshiy .
Obliterate the following items from:
and I listen to music.
It's not the marketing on the ground.
you can see, going forward, that tissue engineering
I do n't want it any more . ”
The density population here is 22,00 persons per square kilometer.
The height of the visible area.
Temporarily disable conversion personalization, history-based suggestions and user dictionary
that just because I had read a novel
None of the other options
average of 100 cms rain falls in every year
Creates disc images suitable for video DVDs
Try to avoid crossing between parked cars .
The throat is loose and baggy .
where to go on its own.
The emblems do not appear to be valid images.
they even teach their kids -
Whether the preview text entry is shown or not
Option '%s' requires a value, '=' expected.
And it's 12 units used in the entire world,
We English teachers are the gatekeepers.
“ Best worsted . ”
Whether sort threads based on latest message in that thread
Amritmahals have a well-shaped and narrow head .
You're allowed to just hate them
How is present-day schooling going to prepare them
that we developed called IMPASS.
And finally, well, there are those who believe
I was betting that I'd be able to find
They have this very continuous feedback loop.
Are you sure you want to revert all changes?
that the wholeness cannot be different from you,
ShriRamcharitmanas-Aranyakanda.(Stories about events in the forest)
And I said, “Well what makes it great?”
or chambers of liquid water underneath the surface.
And this is - you can see -
So it's all been teacher-driven.
The first Official Language Commission was appointed in 1955 .
Whether to resize with the right button
I am a flower . ”
the compleat mahabharath is mor important one for this.
Could not contact the OpenSubtitles website
The scores went up to 50,
Output the Nautilus Actions GConf schema on stdout.
Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine
harivansh rai bacchan -thick span
Indian Network of Google (Multi-Indian Language)
At ” whose doors will they knock thereafter ?
Drauipadi was dishonored in Kurukshetra's court.
But I knew that the kids would show up.
that we think are related to coherence,
Story of writing books .
But the truth is nobody really knows,
South Button Island National Park
Not enough memory to load GIF file
Write previous changes to disk and continue?
Coat of arms of Quebec
Some of them showed a lot of acrobatics .
It uses cookies for access control.
why can I not use my computer
Formatting swap space in partition #${PARTITION} of ${DEVICE}...
This page has been blocked from tracking your location.
He was the president of a corporation in Ohio.
And 1962, there was really a group of countries here.
actually are capable of monetizing their operations.
It has the conditions of people expired before you.
of being the subject of everybody's charity and care.
sometimes they were mailing each other.
And finally . . .
If true, trade off usability for less resource usage
before a ball was bowled,
which is about 10 times what we ever estimated.
Make the selected icons resizable
my photo on a wall
King Todarmal was Akbar's Finance Minister.
Failed to rename file '%s' to '%s': grename() failed: %s
OEM mode (for manufacturers only)
Error: The external program gnuchess died unexpectingly
A singleton element (%s) was duplicated.
But then after they stared for a long time,
Thereafter he was welcomed everywhere in America.
I don't mean the software;
But results are already starting to come through.
were stretched to astronomical sizes, and those fluctuations
Failed to write “%s”: %s
like the one I showed you
lookbehind assertion is not fixed length
The accessibility registry was not found.
that we see out there.
Error downloading %1: File is corrupted.
But results are already starting to come through .
The other believes this is one of many lives.
Test page submitted as job %d
A thousand printed invitations were issued to the public .
But that was something she couldn ' t know .
because I happened to be seated
Imports amounted to 78,000 tons in 1945-46 .
Because you all used to be three years old.
Now it has silver embossed with gold.
I love that word, “disenthrall.”
But this scheme met with little success .
Error while creating link to %B.
Mouse-manipulation: movement, drag and drop
This message is not available in offline mode.
and producing other particles that we know about -
Other language called as mother tongue.
Save a copy of the currently playing movie
Abbasi has given importance to Knowledge of Kalifa
But I can only hope I've whet your appetite
He must also keep away from all useless works.
“ Really truly ? ”
N D T V news
Different words in browser search engine
and let all be for the glorification of the one.
1.09.1939 war view of destruction
In changing the position the batting team gets a run.
it's thousands of years ago.
Bacteria are found everywhere where life can be supported .
Practice looking up words together and sharing the dictionary .
In the fourth act, with our hubris,
It is clever semantics by the ophthalmologist-turned-politician .
Could not rename folder: %s
“”Nahar-e-bahishad“”. (DRAIN OR passage for water)
Some drugs are more socially acceptable than others .
and yet if a single catastrophic health problem
Jesus … save us …
Cannot remove automatically added profile
There are three things: concept, planning,
this pandhubhi fashion is brought upto indonesia
Display notification when a member comes online
On the Day of jail
Environment is the priceless gift of Nature .
that scarcity started to get eroded -
called the insula, a region they say
number1 - number2 = {0}
You have certificates on file that identify these certificate authorities:
Why do we keep our specimens here ?
... File too long to display ...
And so to think that I had found my way,
Sur's poem beautifully describes the heartily emotions.
Mozilla CSV or Tab (.csv, .tab)
happened to have English as its official language.
“ What is love ? ” the desert asked .
I think that means doodling is native to us
we're all constantly shedding microbes.
Its impact must be kept under review .
And I understood what he had been looking for .
to Swedish undergraduate students. That was after having spent
{0} went offline in the network {1}
He said, “Then why'd you put a smiley face?”
Member states of the Commonwealth of Nations
Indian Army during World War II
There was an error moving the file into %F.
Coordinate expression had unknown variable or constant “%s”
Please enter the new password for this network.
the statistics of the language
Invalid return value from get_filesystem_info
The contact details are :
This group does not contain any question(s).
COULD IT BE ME ?
Set media disk cache size in bytes
* Or use another interdental cleaning device .
Position on the color wheel.
This idea of scale is critical.
Please enter y or n.
Choose a new password for the '%s' keyring.
A couple of researchers asked a few hundred people
which is a very, very difficult problem.
so it's clearly about the movement, not you.
if we can redefine apathy,
and we would see ourselves, on TV, pasting.
It was the poet Samuel Taylor Coleridge
And behind the health is the educational level.
We need to move Mexican society,
Let me show you one which actually makes some sound.
This party was founded by her father Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto.
country can get political stabitlity
Driftwood being available in plenty .
are known throughout human history.
Preparing folder '%s' for offline
Oh look, there's another galaxy.
that I started writing for my cousins.
and less environmental benefits than any other.
This is all you. And this is all us.
Failed to stop Bluetooth device discovery.
“ It ' s silly isn ' t it ?
Arguments in advocacy of Parliamentarian rule.
Two species of dolphins are found in Ganges.
Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance
She had better be quiet !
You are following the administrator's recommendation for this setting.
Are you sure you want to delete this entry?
See pages 30-35 for details .
Number of proposals added in one batch
The question there is: Which country did better,
Industrial Injuries Disablement Benefit with Constant Attendance Allowance
to help other people get what they wanted.
Solar Air Heating Project Analysis
So we have no way of validating
The first group, the best one,
all have this manic depression that they were suffering with.
of a large number of books, for example,
I met with medical doctors, scientists,
He has only to implement these recommendations .
because I was going to save the world,
Unable to navigate to bug database: %s
Create destination folder without asking confirmation
Y alignment of the child
And so, scientists and engineers, when you've solved
Not everyone gets much effect from cannabis .
Because of this, the ties between Mugals and Portuguesewas weakened.
Seldom had an Indian politician given such an effective speech.
aren't going to solve this issue for us.
The accel group holding accelerators for the menu
“ That was me .
Background paper by the Social Exclusion Unit
We are now in a system where anyone can rise
to help stop this -
the same way you and I would.
“Had I the heavens embroidered cloths,
There are some that nobody mentions .
: size %d x %d,
The device is completely portable,
Only local files may be selected
and sphincter muscles for the doors and windows.
Central Institute of Plastics Engineering and Technology (India)
Remi knows what love is.
globalization tsunami that's about to wreck all our lives
This is more than his personal loss .
Pig-rearing can give quick returns with a low investment .
Unexpected type of ancillary data
{0} went offline in the network {1}
Sachin Tendulkar's married Anjali Tendulkar.
and blocking some of that starlight from getting to us.
Total of all entries must not exceed %d
These are some of the images of the coup.
Tool to translate Devnagari to Urdu script. (Online)
List of Bollywood films of 2009
some guy's going to turn on the brake lights
Unknown error when trying to deserialize %s
kabir's compositions in poetry repositories
The following answers should be deleted
“I know that, honey. Get out of the car
and then then we can take anything out.
with audio - auditory illusions.
that you can do well online.
that they're human, and they sort of come to life.
Whether to hide completed tasks in the tasks view
to the sound of the human voice.
List of rivers by length
” I ' d never represented a player before .
This is the world we live in .
So they went for plan B.
humanoid robot in the United States. So, stay tuned.
Mark this task as not to be done anymore
Pinyin input method (for US Dvorak keyboard)
with all the information basically laid out clearly.
[... until they came up with the name ...]
Here's a really short text.
You must authenticate as root to run configuration.
Seven days later, Eric was set free
Start in bug updating mode. Can take an optional -package.
Shoot out of Fish by Arjun.
The Government will ensure that:
Stage 6: Full system check
the AB design, the AB testing.
So for instance, we are asking ourselves,
Sub Title :- Food and Beverage
If you look at the OECD countries and how much
Control of Parliament on financial situation
We haven't exported one kilogram yet.
Use circles instead of asterisks in the password entry
and then there's a systematic decline.
We cannot get it suddenly .
Study the auctioneer 's conditions of business .
I just said - aha ! ”
but in the physical world?”
Why do I need another smear test ?
The FTP server doesn't support passive mode.
Think it through first .
We had almost no income .
one week long bandra festival is celebrated by local people
instead his share is half of yhe man
they designed 52 beautiful water bodies around this town.
He has also been awarded the Padma Bhushan in 2008.
and recognize the potential that resides in every child.
although they're part and parcel of our African reality,
It involves communicators to keep the funding high,
we have to allow ourselves to be seen,
Fialistinee victims of violence and terrorism since the September 2000
The value may be trebled .
Anti-virus software failed unexpectedly while scanning this file.
In this highest feeling entire world becomes abode of God
between making love and doing porn.
but that got refined pretty soon, later.
Our attitude toward life determines life's attitude towards us.
She needs a good laugh .
he met balbacharay there only
He said two interesting things,
Now, in this age, again, countries with access
that these knowledge and skills
Can't connect to the LDAP directory
teachers and students, and I like this analogy.
'Dainik Jagran' is the most popular newspaper in North India.
You'll be handed rice cakes.
“What would life be like for you,
Telephone: 020 7944 5494 Fax: 020 7944 2191.
Dasbabu is Leadership for this movement in Bangal.
by an average of about 2.2 percent every year
The wind began to blow again .
So I would sit there with a lawn chair
Pause or resume the game
The optical photo conductor is no longer functioning
Phimosis one quriocity is the most one for this
And I'll give you some examples of what I mean.
Map of India of Mahabharata period
At that time prostitution was supported by the king.
Could not save the playlist
Please download and install the latest Hamachi version.
and in my researcher mode.
The amazing thing I've found
This is the Dhamma , the law of righteousness .
the lights never go out.
to the nurses, so they can see what's happening.
Foremost Runs record in Test Crdicket
which is agreed upon and which people want to implement.
Who has protected and kept all the region
Copy selected message(s) to the clipboard
It's a story of intercultural intersections,
It's a very early video,
The screen where this window will be displayed
Their efforts to curtail spending didn't quite succeed.
and give it a shot
The change in state was requested
in different parts of the world
There are poems in every chapter which is called Aayat.
Double-shift working was common to all
There is nothing wrong or seditious about it .
Learn How To Use Tags
Extract cover from comic files
And I think I have a problem,
Whether to enable immediate deletion
To check it Drupad has invited them to his palace.
and clinicians, a huge reporting system in chemists.
Moreover, he had three(3) daughters as well.
Now Christians are their latest victims .
No, the music pushed me over,
Evaluation Woman (Receiver) Convinience oooo(
The name of the string to be found
Forbidden, please check that username and password are correct
because if they said it, it might destroy the spell
“ What makes you so nice ?
Oriya Mahabharata ; Part 1(Google book)
The expected content length of the response.
made a big commotion over Tipper. (Laughter)
She had given it a Mira mandir.
there is now the beginning
“ Millions of what ? ”
Learning to Read and Write at Home and at School
is because new generations and new eras
Netscape Certification Authority Policy URL
Always allow $1%{HOST} to show images
Cannot attach CMS Enveloped data
“ Now you can go back home - ”
They receive surgery the following day,
Could not write data: %s
Inscriptions of Bijjala 's period speak of his heroism .
No Hindi Text Available Here
They have , hence , remained rhythmic instruments parexcellence .
First, he offers a “secret history of the American left”:
Take care if you buy at an auction .
Show message preview alongside the message list
Use 802.1X security for this connection
To discover the capacity to give and share,
And they have dedicated their lives to it.
16 and 17 year olds
I want to tell you that.
National Rally for Democracy (Algeria)
How do you qualify for a free NHS test ?
when teenage girls wear clothes that covers
TRUE if this printer can accept PostScript
Invalid log target: use either 'syslog', 'stderr' or 'auto'.
Whether to show a sort indicator
List of cities in Italy
He also wrote few dramas and also translated some works.
- Francois De La Rochefoucauld
is how these tissues make awesome models.
Cannot start thread: error writing TLS
The Buddha 's condition deteriorated .
do stuff with vacant space.
lock ‘%s' not made: %s
we would have to generate
to try to understand how the brain makes predictions,
Hamachi version {0} is obsolete
There was an error updating the folders
So we decided to privatize many of our enterprises.
a woman with indefatigable stamina,
Select name of the Evolution backup file
The connection does not use SSL compression.
why he had tried to shoot me.
%s through %s has declined the following assigned task:
Sending file %d of %d
If YES to both, claim JSA.
Magical objects in Harry Potter
Show Details of this Question
Copyright (C) 2012 Ian Berke ian.berke@gmail.com
After this region of Pakistan came under Islamic influence.
Server name '%s' not found; using standard server
Sanskrit Devanagari OCR output from Roman convert to another program.
The module cannot lock data properly
this challenge with a sense of profound joy
pralake devanakric lipic-100%phonetic english based unicode typing tool
there are also nine different lakes.
Could not add “{0}” to the sketch.
Display notification when a member goes offline
The fill level of the buffer
Privileges are required to change GConf system values
Marine National Park, Gulf of Kutch
Magical objects in Harry Potter
Cannot add folder, unsupported folder type
Mahadevi, Hajari Prasad Dvivedi and others.
Download this file to view even more stars
Do you want to deactivate Sticky Keys?
United Nations conference on terrorism.
if the gymnosophist's belief influences his behavior,
Unicode is changing all that !
provide us with all the information that you can.
Send a mail message to this address
Cattle have no front teeth on the upper jaw .
Encouragement seems to be the key.
Something is brewing in the Sena kitchen .
Configuring wired network connection '%s'...
Add, edit and delete notes.
Now how would you -
Hello, my name is Dennis Hong,
Choose one of the predefined formats or use your own.
by people and companies who are trying to avoid
To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities.
Think , think hard !
Surely you didn ' t want … ”
Position on the screen of the video settings window
But the pizza is delicious.
big development, big improvement and capability and so on,
Raw PNM image type is invalid
Unable to provide requested credentials to the VNC server
Come on, honey, tell it to me.”
Whether this tag affects text editability
or would you be better off,
up the stairs, down the hall, past the 'real' firefighters,
She managed to study English
In other words, as you heard Chris say,
Windows that should be positioned by default
The event is also called the birth of modern Nepal
Display notification when a member comes online
And so I get angry, and I get pissed,
No backend factory for hash key '%s'
This is Samuel. He's a farmer.
Binding to launch the search tool.
Allthese languages contain European tribal accents.
about a more sustainable future of aviation.
The first day, they were even shouting at each other.
It also offers an unmatched atmosphere .
And as the wind starts dying down,
or what the French call “Champs-Élysées” -
We run a project called the Bronx Ecological Stewardship Training,
After much controversy they were forced to return.
Specify a short half-line description to go in a schema.
It took us only 10,000 to make knowing obsolete.
Use side-by-side or wide layout
Configure the Logical Volume Manager
it is just two minds ready to do philosophy.
Move Tab to the Left
I'm asking you to help them,
Searching remote MAPI folder structure, please wait...
{0} went offline in the network {1}
Illuminate the room with this color on pause
Whenever we are talking about facts
What will the Ombudsman do about my complaint ?
in an amazingly regular triangular grid.
you're a few microseconds behind every time.
The Geographical Pivot of History
“Professor Ghemawat, why do you still believe
Disable experimental Encrypted Media Extensions on the video elements.
Displays a list of headings at level %d.
What's the opposite of terrorism?
The therapies will be improving faster than
to catch the ship that left on the 17th,
we know because our own movements,
I mean, that's a fine logic, that sounds pretty convincing,
Could not determine folder permissions for delegates.
%{HOST} wants to use your microphone.
and we just gaze out of them
Now I'm going to give you a story.
of a possible environment within this moon
Number of pixels between the scrollbars and the scrolled window
Customizable font size and sort order.
gnome-disk-utility %s UDisks %s (built against %d.%d.%d)
List of cities and towns in Utah
Add All to Keying Set
And all this by simply watching the child's brainwaves.
class: Geography of the northern parts
Uninagari: Devanagari type writer without any complications
They're supposed to be used for the benefit
It is the same with religion .
first of all, you're a genius.
in the year 1990 kalabajrai came nearly to the end
The position of the origin of the actor
You whistle if you are not happy
1998 Great American Insurance ATP Championships
I find a lot of people have difficulty doing that.
whereas less than 14 percent of us
Maintenance command submitted as job %d
There is no track to burn
in five narratives on these five different screens,
Even in great poverty Narendra was very guest service person.
Raise selected windows after interval
and their high image of you.
Bypass token with failing email addresses
the evidence is more supportive of the view
One of debug, info, warning, error or critical.
in new and enlightening ways.
{0} joined the network {1} and {2} other network
Each school will have its own home-school agreement .
What if my housing benefit is delayed ?
RAS image has unknown type
Salt is essential for keeping the camel healthy .
there was a piece in the Guardian,
shree guru ballabsang and discribed the lila
He taught me all sorts of things about mechanical things.
Whether the label text can be selected with the mouse
History of metallurgy in the Indian subcontinent
The great problem for reform
%s for an unknown trigger type
at this point in our exploration of it,
%{PLUGINNAME} was blocked because it is out of date.
It's creating hyperlinks, if you will, between images.
The site %s:%i requests a username and password
Failed to open '%s' for %s
Business Team 8 -LRB- Employers B -RRB-
rather than from the Xinhua News Agency.
Especially Mum : Don ' t do this !
They are decorated, and their originals are under the ground.
The service is temporarily unavailable. Please try again later.
My dad never wore it,
WARNING: Child process terminated by signal %u
that by looking at climate change
Both vegetarian and non vegetarian food is liked.
In Internet Explorer it is called favorite
%s is the world master of the boomerang ball
you end up following your heart,
It looks like an error has occurred.
Wipe the swap and free memory
and you get money for it if you win.
3. It does the Registration of political parties.
All India Institute of Medical Sciences
Sachin studied in Shardashram vidhyamandir.
Select items in this window matching a given pattern
Not even to the pictures … ”
The window's width in pixels
It also has marble with Mughal ornaments and colored stones.
Others included repatriats from Burma , Sri Lanka .
Enter passphrase used to protect the data
I had woven carbon fiber sprinting legs
What is a specimen ?
Korea succeeded, North Korea didn't.
Launch %s and select menu > Convert CSV.
Most of them are ordinary digital camera photos,
worldwide - than everything else combined, and yet
There's this very strong social message
I just want to dream about Mecca .
We specked it out to actually be doable
already are facing a life of hardship
one that will bring the path of outer development
A number of books in Sanskrit, in Devanagari script.
Land compensation code booklets :
Reloaded SubDomain profiles in enforce mode.
Join and create local networks over the Internet
These animals are heavy milk-yielders .
Copies the contents under flat review to the clipboard.
Correcting fluids ( like Tipp - Ex ) .
Tajmahal is located in Agra at south region
Unable to print photo: %s
The goat gives birth while lying down .
has to admit what it's losing out on,
a car approaching from the front, the back
“ One never knows , ” said the geographer .
It seems to lag behind all others .
Welcome to the Xibo Installer!
Opening firewall for IPP connections
The second, more honest, way
I don't think we are particularly materialistic.
and lots of tools, real tools.
Submits song information to Last.fm and plays Last.fm radio streams
though that may be something,
Amendment of the Constitution of India
So when I had my TED wish last year,
and so many jobs for the political hangers-on.
is actually an underestimated form of leadership in itself.
What can the dentist do ?
I thought, “Wow, that's really a cartoon lover.”
to the Middle East conflict,
Create a new task list
But I think, as a community,
When should fissure sealants be applied ?
It's super-real and it's happening around you.
said something that today echoes
it costs about 50 cents -
when you get infected by this one.
Email Address (optional) <s> Title of Comments <s> Comments:
This committee presented Nehru report.
attempt to change immutable key '%s' ignored.
These four monastery is also called as four holy place.
Show the panel's main menu
The connection to %{HOSTNAME} was interrupted.
environments that have mechanical ventilation systems
The Government offers loans and subsideies to encourage their use.
Now I come from a very data-centric reality,
“ That is a hat . ”
Please enter your account ID:
Ganga in the general description of the old tradition.
However natural revolution also plays role in frigidity.
I could find noor, the hidden light of Afghanistan.
I mean, at that time, trust me,
there's going to be a red dot and a click.
Will I be able to follow my usual diet ?
Keyboard shortcut to toggle the visibility of the menubar
Could not load icon '$1%{ICON}' for browser action.
[Warning: Nyquist returned invalid UTF-8 string, converted here as Latin-1]
and he kept meticulous records
retards mental development in the child
class: Rivers of Uttar pradesh
At last a strange idea flashed across his mind .
that the European Union could offer Bosnia
Active devices for the RAID${LEVEL} array:
the first time you had sex.
Create one or more questions inside the new question group.
Open a specific page or set of pages.
that a kid wanted to get published,
Subhashbabu done leadership of that movement in Kolkata.
Like this the modern Hindu religion came into existence.
and the light gray bars.
Why do children learn so much?
That makes my job more difficult,
India at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Do not show this warning again.
is really huge. It's a classic network effect.
There is great ability in knowing how to conceal ability.
The contrast in literacy rates
But also, I worry about the West,
they were a trouble to nobody .
Moves flat review to the word below the current word.
4. Scheduling Accumulated Fund's amount
Show process 'shared memory' column on startup
Social, cultural and sporting activities
We go through initiation rites.
He turned to glance at her .
Send command to drizzle server.
normally when we think of conflict, when we describe it,
I asked a forester -
Sri Bhagavad Gita Original - Prabhupad
The current position does not hold a string type
These - they're just two different things.
They're as smart as chimpanzees in some respects.
the deal was made within the last few days; and
So in 2007, our team won half a million dollars
Initiate Window Picker For All Windows
Paper the article wolrd terrorism
This webpage is not found
It's a beautiful idea. The problem is
Search for Agricultural Policy and Programmes
Windows that stretch resize should be used for
And so what the robot does
What does it smell of ?
Please fax your completed survey to:
and all the potential within it,
Are you sure you want to leave this page?
Your newspaper will show you live weather information
Some countries still had statistics.
does not have adequate nutrition,
Found additional base dependencies: ${SUBST0}
So I say to Tony,
It'll go this way for sure.
Aap Mujhe Achche Lagne Lage
seek movie back 30 seconds
Enable mouse clicks with touchpad
than the people market is offering you.
Basava was now a big man enjoying great wealth .
Compressed HTML Help file (*.chm)|*.chm|
Every auspicious occasion is incomplete without Puran Poli.
and some of you visited A to Z manufacturing,
Display the latest content of the current page
assumed would disintegrate, in the '50s and '60s,
Run evince in fullscreen mode
Specifies the profile where the migrator should run
or as if you found 25 grand in a pocket
Connection to speech servers failed.
This is called 'clocking' .
This creates obstacles in the general justice communication.
She had child-marriage but lived her life like a spinster.
So one important difference is that it's totally mobile.
So, for instance the Dalai Lama gets up every morning
The number stanzas in Skandha Puran is eighty one thousand.
you are sick or disabled
Error while extending volume group
And they're like, “Oh, that one wasn't so awesome.”
. He had thorough discussions with saint Kabir.
before he was hung he read Lenin's biography.
to catch up with China.
Times of India's list of seven wonders of India
“ Why feed your falcon ? ”
and said, “Please tell her I'm the prime minister.”
rolled up ham cold-cuts, rolled up roast beef cold-cuts
The Ahars are n't dead .
Bad SSL client authentication certificate.
This technique is known as pull technology.
In severe cases , death may result .
If you cannot get SMP or MA
people all over the developing world
he is linking up something very creative.
and simply go the other direction
who have made the difficult choice
List of countries by oil production
Import a saved VPN configuration...
Auto Format Canceled: Too many right parentheses.
So is the ved vachan hence it became universaly accepted.
Is it silly of me ?
“ I am so unhappy . ”
Ignoring bad cdr from XML pair: %s
on his small, gray radio.
Somebody else has a design for it.
where you could make these things come true.
for International Development journal -
or a very funny hat, or tattoo their face -
Sunil Gavaskar and Vishwa-nath are our most outstanding examples .
List of airports by IATA code: B
Title bar mouse wheel action
And then things got much worse .
Upgrade from previous version failed:
They invited everyone into the school
This is this year in Austria.
this is what can be seen today.
a startup I co-founded with my doctor and engineer friends,
is a guide who has been on that mountain,
Failed to create temporary zip file during packaging.
List of nuclear power stations
Reduce or eliminate any red-eye effects in the photo
Many American learners studied under him.
Enter password for %s on %s
And now there are 10,000 parodies of “Friday” on YouTube.
<%s> element has invalid id “%s”
When we build, let us think we build for ever.
If you look at Kuppam,
If you put boiling water in, it will shatter.
For us roboticists, engineers and scientists,
Use Control+Alt+Backspace to terminate the X server?
Sometimes it is also called as second Taj.
that it deals with two problematic issues,
One lesson we learned in India
and calculating, like I said before,
This is a three domed mosque opening into the courtyard.
and a tiny, very wealthy elite
Chinese (Traditional - Hong Kong)
Assuredly nobody will care for him who cares for nobody.
How are we going to issue driver's licenses?
Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle
And if we are down to three or four conflicts,
These all the five rivers are collectively called asPanch prayag.
There is no Ubuntu One pairing record.
System wide mode unsupported on this platform.
Prompt the user about connection attempts
Layout and start transforming all windows
Do you really want to delete %s?
From Kabir's created poem treasure house
veins which are swelled up more than normal
This argument is devoid of any merit .
Uttar Pradesh can be divided into three main regions.
Set custom colors for objects
In the year 1648 it was almost completely constructed.
Muslim's holly place Kaba is in this Masjid.
in the villages, in the slums,
facilities for parents with children ;
%1$s requires %2$s %3$s or higher.
there are 12 notes and 34 consonants in Devanagari
Educate the farmers to restrict the use of pesticides .
From time to time she covered her ears .
IFF: error in IFF image format.
it feels like being right.
People have used this software
Number one, this matters because
I am buckling in seatbelts from the front.
%s Please enter the MAPI password for %s@%s
Practice addition, multiplication, division and subtraction.
Look, we're all going to get lumps,
Visvesvaraya Industrial and Technological Museum
Use the same proxy for all protocols
Because it has provoked, and does provoke
<b>%s</b> wishes to add to an existing memo:
India's personal I.S.P (in English)
You are not ready anymore
They worship the Goddess Lazmi in their shops.
Those days Gandhi Ji started non-cooperation movement against British.
Not only - thank you - not only that ...
Daag: A Poem of Love
Cell background color as a string
Not a single person in your country
Devi and Devta (Goddess and God)
What are the barriers to success ?
is an immoral molecule, and call myself Dr. Strangelove.
looking for stuff that needs to get done.
whether it might be amenable to life,
The early stage of gum disease is called gingivitis .
the importance of sankrit in the universe and world
If religion is the opium of the masses,
“You're talking to me already. What's the matter?”
He also composed the 'Akbarnama'.
name of the output file
we can also hear the puraans here.
is we just assume they're ignorant.
so that she can look after my mother?”
Names of Hindu, Buddhists and Jain are based in Sanskrit
So the silence of scientists,
Unknown attribute %s on <%s> element
Could not open mail file %s: %s
Tipper was saying, “One more burger, with fries!”
And this is a hundred year-old toy.
These three structures are part of UNESCO's world monuments.
In the world 48 countries have got majority in Muslims
So, they rely on Coca-Cola
You may wish to take advice on this .
As a child, I had a pretty normal life:
And the first day it was going to be used,
four force sensors on the foot, lithium polymer batteries.
So what we're doing at the moment
Encrypt packed together in a package
Use left and right arrow keys to navigate.
“ Draw me a sheep ! ”
Business Team 3 -LRB- Employers L-N -RRB-
Your device has successfully been enrolled for enterprise management.
and think great thoughts about our neighbors.
So I founded my International Universitya great work !
Retirement Pension Forecast and Advice Unit
and the embarrassment of it all.”
They were working on it independently,
Do they allow for pollination,
Its message went deep into my heart .
at a restaurant in New York
Intimacy. entry depth, entrance mobility
They are well-known for their pace and speed .
the pattern contains items not supported for partial matching
or for some reason we can't take them down.
Was the review wrongly refused or badly run?
you see the light is the invisible matter,
The resize operation is impossible
37 times faster than you can click a mouse -
We hate this mortar, to stand hours and hours.
Could not connect to POP server %s
But give a child a triangle,
The file “%B” cannot be moved to the trash.
These humpback whales were getting killed.
Number of Hymns in Padmapurana is fifty five thousands.
View the size of all Exchange folders
Save project as a Brasero audio project
Llkhi parvane bhaicharejo bhejda , minjo deni madad loko ,
To check for updates, please use Ethernet or Wi-Fi.
estimate how far away they are, and plot them up.
we operate on the foundation
you have to wear something to tell it.
The official website of Presidents of India.
You are acting on behalf of %s
See page 94 for the address .
Registry value '%s' already exists.
Can't find metadata file %s
It seems to me therefore, patently obvious
You will be far away …
because we haven't looked at what religions do with travel.
Garud Puran (Garud means Eagle)
List of buildings with 100 floors or more
So evidence against our model,
Number Munchers are games to play with arithmetic.
for their freedom of expression.
however the terms of service you tube
What we need from you <s> 3
How can you get hepatitis B infection ?
The partition type represented as a 32-bit <i>GUID</i>
which are held within the pollen,
Specify the name of the page to show (theme|background|fonts|interface)
Notify me when errors have been logged.
who are prone to this kind of overstatement.
Some files may be corrupted on the disc
and they reach into all the market data
You pass it around. You pass his words around.
you see on some beetles.
Shurpanakha then took her complaint to her brother Ravana.
Every time I am home I am confronted with
am - half n,m,nga, nga,na or swar pronounciation
And this is when it really gets interesting.
Server response did not contain authorization data
Forwarding messages is not supported
Image file is not of type %d.
Capabilities the application can handle
on all kinds of different technologies. The interesting thing -
Dynamic column header set for row %d
Cholera was reported in Haiti
This is a call for every true Mexican
They will meet again .
3. Where the bill to be introduced
No node available at the current position
because all of those cities we're building
Fatal IO error %d (%s) on display '%s'.
There's a company in Boston called Nanex,
For the same reason, they grow beards.
Text of the expander's label
And when it fires a little spike of electricity,
we should do everything we can to pursue it.
2009 Mutua Madrileña Masters Madrid
It gets taken over by children.
is my challenge as an Iranian artist,
Govind Pashu Vihar Wildlife Sanctuary
from being proud in the way they're proud there,
Mayboli to Roman-> edition for Devnagari Transliteration
Main door is also remained in memorial nature.
So what that service does, quite simply,
Open &image in new tab
it's not all peace and light.
Whether widget wants to expand in both directions
After wards Threechand Military Hospital was built
1. The Duty of Organizing the Council of Ministers
from out of desalination brine.
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (film)
and what we found was pretty shocking,
and we are looking for purpose and meaning,
I would have thought that, by age 50,
Allow all sites to set local data.
“Back it up, buddy! No, it's reserved!”
Binding to toggle the screen reader.
Gabriel (Gabriel) who delivers the messages from the Lord |
As he left the umpire declared him out .
As per “”Surasaaraavali“” Surdas's age was 67 years.
So there's an interesting pattern,
Enable Opus playback in <video> elements.
It's about understanding that people really don't want handouts,
Choose the order of information to appear in this folder:
“You have made me visible
Now the rules that I'm talking about
The location of the printer
It turns out even during the Cultural Revolution,
When Tony was 16 years old,
Tendulkar is not a regular bowler.
Revolution in computer network:Internet - Vijay kumar Malhotra
Extra spacing applied to the width of a progress bar.
This objection was overruled .
Nautilus will exit when last window destroyed.
He disappeared duting this journey
all the way to modern art in Beijing,
For me the policing stood for power to correct,
Connect to given D-Bus address
Trust this certificate for identifying software makers.
And every student who studies math, science, engineering, economics,
any more than you know what I'm seeing
It is also referred to as many-united-states
Failed to process form: %s
Path must begin with a slash (/)
So these things are kind of relative
You may think I'm wrong in this.
When quran came the miracle was not its knowledge.
The year 1976-77 turned out to be even better .
He continued his studies also
what's going to bring more joy, gratitude,
In investigating the child's brain,
The purpose of this is to spread vedas
Not, you must kill unbelievers in Mecca,
comes something vital in the information era,
You see, “-18” sucks all the life out of you.
There are many fishing opportunities along the river.
Slow down the script execution rate
Every day in the morning,
and we're sending that data back to the garage
Failed to parse CMML file
because Gaddafi had no planes
The story of Ramayan written by POET vALMIKI
ftp as %s on %s
how to fill this cup.
The number of rows in the table
Prompt when user tries to send unwanted HTML
A scarcity he is determined to overcome .
It's not too big -
pitch is middle length between wickets.
The Indian Constitution also has some distinctive feature.
imagine that snobbery is a distinctively U.K. phenomenon
that's a response to the SEC's request for comment
The model for the combo box
No PulseAudio daemon running, or not running as session daemon.
in which to raise our children?
but a curry onion green olive poppy cheese bread
would tell you it's irrational to reject a dollar
the one who shook the world.
You know what it means.
government itself, or partner with major corporations,
You need to add questions
The things that kids will say
Simón Bolívar International Airport (Venezuela)
in terms of the number of puzzles solved,
and on both sides of the wall.
Young Man Afraid Of His Horses
The GFile used by the app chooser dialog
It does not and cannot itself govern .
Failed to get latency: %s
For more information , contact your Jobcentre .
And, actually, if you see, there are some color markers
Show network traffic in bits
When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece.
Where had it all begun ?
and I again give Jeffrey Sachs of Harvard
are, which is why they're starting to get sick
(See page no.39 for useful organisations.)
and put your hats [on].
by measuring the light of over 150,000 stars,
We fuse that information with a GPS unit
Amithabh returned to his work in March 2006.
Now we don't know if it says Hollywood,
Would it help them ?
The translation failed because the page is already in %{LANGUAGE}.
A terminal emulator for the GNOME desktop
Kids - you can see these signs in kids.
Current X position of the column
But we will come back, once again,
we may also have some lumps and some bumps too.
even if they were able to take back the country,
Failed to redirect the child process IO
Despite of a smaller Akbar won this battle.
So that in the terrorist attacks of November
Toggles whether to display categories
No printer driver for %s.
distill only its emotional residue
that might take these things away from us.
He got married with Mrunalini Devi in 1883
to have this demographic dividend.
we didn't have enough resources,
The truth of the matter
Could not acquire the %s service. (%d)
Compensation from noise from aerodromes
When you relate to the world,
and he sounds like this.
A lightweight personal finance management application.
'Suval sanvat pekh' written by dasan gaurinand.
Now it's not enough just to tell a story -
and holy looking robes to wear,
had the right to allocate 15 telephone lines
authoritarian - there's no question about it.
ram is possibility, not way - professor mahavir saran jain
This was a serious loss .
Log into session with smartcard
.On an average 100 cm is the average annual rainfall.
Kaviyo ke Samya Santh Pant (1960)
for change, novelty, excitement and constant arousal.
The value of the adjustment
G. B. Pant University of Agriculture and Technology
Copying file: %u of %u
OS Recovery Media creation has been cancelled.
but we still have to fight it.
It's very impressive. It's really a research event
Failed to write TIFF data
And then when the school shut me down -
Their paths were anti-Muslim culture and eating of cow's meet.
Do you want to resume partitioning?
- Edith Wharton, novelist (1862-1937)
Display notification when the connection is lost
you don't have access to our machine anymore.
Adjusts brightness level of the picture coming from the webcam
Folder list not available in offline mode.
Loose combiantion of two or more components (Rashtra Mandal)
Here, I'll give you an example.
Always open a separate chat window for new chats.
It was an absolutely amazing experience.
The research guidelines of U.S. National Academy of Sciences
No sessions for %s available for reauthentication
when the commercial stuff is offered.
Edit survey permissions for user %s
Microsoft Indic Language Input Tool
and realizes that he's in mid-air.
The other thing that they had in common
This method can be used for treating tannery effluents .
There are two billion fellow human beings
Mumbai North Central (Lok Sabha constituency)
when anthropologists began taking this game to other cultures
Keyboard shortcut to switch to the previous tab
Therefore India is at a critical point
run gcompris in window mode.
And I'm here to say
But she said nothing .
all chatting to each other, not understanding a word,
that what we thought impossible was possible -
In 1957, five missionaries attempted contact
Last year it actually conducted the Roanoke Symphony Orchestra
“ Where am I ? ”
And you know, I have a definition of success.
There are no strictly defined
smiling can actually look good
Printer '%s' is low on developer.
Processing first track of stereo pair:
because when you didn't think of India as a market,
There were about 381freedom fighters sent to Cellular Jail .
List of states with limited recognition
you've got a problem to solve,
Open link with web browser default
Internal error in the GIF loader (%s)
Well three sons got into a negotiation.
Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man
There are fifteen varieties of lizards found in these islands
least 95 percent of people,
Pixels of extra space on the top side
Invalid byte sequence in conversion input
France at the 2008 Summer Olympics
This video is not available offline.
They would click on a button,
which makes streets even more desolate and unsafe,
Without doubt, God have goodness.
FASTPATH defined, only fast path asserts disabled.
Create a new automatically updating playlist
Several thousands lost their eyesight .
It takes a lot of weight,
were [detained] by the army
Kavitha Kosh- is the precious treasure.
land of fakirs lying on beds of nails,
Sign this message with your PGP key
I'm the Ted Bundy of string theory.
Kasu Brahmananda Reddy National Park
They compromised on customs , religion and gods .
Trying to movemail a non-mbox source ‘%s'
Indian higher education is completely regulated.
at something like 20 gigatons per year.
No replacement variable available for this field
Child process exited with code %ld
Split-deleted %.2f seconds at t=%.2f
seek movie back 30 seconds
List of airports by IATA code: Y
Autologin or timed login to the root account is forbidden.
which made it so light
To keep eyes on the policies - terrorism
aren't very good at doing anything in particular,
And so we retrofit these with sensors and processors,
Error: You are trying to use duplicate answer codes.
One of the Kabir's Shakhi very much influenced his mind.
But I'm optimistic about this,
Witnesses will normally stay for the whole hearing .
The target doesn't support symbolic links.
is that all of the other speakers
Not the bank's computer or Lockheed's computer,
Both the males and females have these glands .
Whether WebAudio content should be handled
Manage your email, contacts and schedule
Usage: %s key=value key=value ...
1. Dowry Inhibition Act 1961
Today, he could never do that.
Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University
in Pakistan, India, Kenya, Tanzania and Egypt.
the diagnosis of brain disorders
Why are the armed forces doing all this ?
And yeah, you can start becoming a mentor, a tutor,
Countless lives have been saved
parliaments control on financial health.
Always show address of the autocompleted contact
Only when he consents .
When he erased all kinds of social discrimination to give
Voluntary work does not count towards the 16 hours.
Set home planet to selected planet
Ask me what to do
Value could not be retrieved.
Category:Terrorist incidents in Pakistan in 2011
The mistake of the international aid industry
It's about letting it happen.
suffering, at least indirectly, from a human disease.
is it remembers pieces of trajectory
Update login records when command is launched
if you don't like your group, etc.
The alchemist probably already knew all that .
He was sentenced for the crime of patriotism .
that St. Benedict gave his rather startled followers
and of humans as mere stewards of God's creation,
“I wish I was playing for Preity Zinta's team.”
The survey you selected does not exist
List of icon sizes (gtk-menu=16,16:gtk-button=20,20...
Split track in parts with a fixed length
who realized that they were using two words
No box-office hit here .
solvent-based glues -LRB- such as Evo-Stik -RRB- ;
Brahmin - texts (Ghadh interpretation of the ritual)
Show “Reply To” field when posting to a newsgroup
Note Synchronization Conflict Saved Behavior
you would have heard this:
formerly homeless member of our family.
Moves flat review to the beginning of the previous line.
Where does HACCP come in?
This process constitutes a passage .
One thing, there's one obvious thing to talk about -
Whether play sound or beep when new messages arrive.
On your %{ACCOUNTEMAIL} account, it could:
You do not possess this.
is that I get to travel to the developing world,
Removing contact from LDAP server...
Automatically load URL when survey complete?
Adding contact to LDAP server...
failed to create temporary file ‘%s': %s
The entire hall filled with smoke.
with what we politely call “low self-esteem,”
In anceint period - Dewatas, Rishis are followed by humans
Failed to get lock using flock(2): %s
And so my request is,
for the next 30 years.
Real disc burning will take place in 10 seconds.
Expected list of %s, got list of %s
And these types of technologies,
It ' s where it always is .
You mean this damned war … ”
Do you want to save your changes ?
that the Earth's day was shortened.
Zoom the photo to 100% magnification
A. Karma Bhakti Yoga is best distinguish Zatihed knowledge
Whether to draw compositing borders and repaint counters
It looks as though he's wishing that he didn't win.
This will not remove the account on the server.
Cursor blinks in text fields
We make them every day -
So I'll end with the new version.
Because we are used to get written things.
Cell phone is low in power (%.0f%%)
Copy the location to the clipboard
“ Don ' t start smoking .
in the same common direction.
What if my roommate knew about the heart procedure
The NHS now achieves this standard fully.
A . This is the problem of growth .
Sometimes Brian and I walk through the park with Scarlett,
where their creativity could make a difference,
One and a half million dollars for six weeks' work.
Sanskrit is the mother of all Indian languages.
the powerhouse of the human body,
would get married off immediately, okay.
from one client is amazing.
An error occurred while saving configurations.
because it has to marry environment and development.
Akbar's advisors however, urged him to go to Kabul.
is produces a smooth and graceful motion.
“ What does he teach ? ”
All state schools will have a written home-school agreement .
Microsoft Windows XP SP2 or later
Bachchan in this case was found not guilty
So, you know, we are advancing the frontiers of science.
with thousands of pieces of human tissue.
by doing more of what I've asked them to do,”
Are you sure you want to delete these contact lists?
But after that, things were pretty steady and pretty uniform.
And if you're an educator in any way,
C-Monkey (before Mozilla) is the basis of Mozilla fire walls.
Manage your extensions by clicking Extensions in the Tools menu.
- you are not actively seeking work
but instead, ask them what they can do with it.
the power button has been pressed
Tarkash - famous portal of Hindi
I ' m afraid of your common sense .
and it's in the 300 megapixel range.
Whether to load site icons ignoring image load setting.
We will never get to grade them.
but not to control their supporters.
Optionally, all fields can be modified through intent extras.
Eject the volume associated with the open folder
and slowly, perhaps if you get the right teaching,
We call that the concept of passive dynamic locomotion.
and you know exactly what to think
Khyber Pass provides a passage to cross the great range.
Because of his uniform they speak to him differently,
Here the delta is more famous for rice cultivation.
the more afraid we are.
What do organized religions do?
a lot of room at the bottom.
This user does not have any favorites.
Play games that challenge your mental calculation skills
Expected ‘%s' got ‘%s' for key %s
The tooltip to display when prompting the user to lock
and then over billions of years, gravity just pulls in.
The hand with the whip pointed to the south .
<b>%s</b> requests your presence at a meeting.
India and Indonesia has a lot of presence of Sufis.
Irresponsible use of the 999 service can cost lives .
Imports met all our needs before the war .
Where to position newly open tabs in browser windows.
Many organisms produce both at once, such as certain fish
Add if any criteria are matched
Display a textual description of speech and sounds
So she did that for two more months.
Couldn't write to TIFF file
User not local; please try <forward-path>
Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha
to preserve it or save it
Use the largest continuous free space
However , we are approaching the whole thing positively .
Tahmahal's virtual tour on internet
We all secretly want our blankie and our Boo Bear.
Children: I'm the gingerbread man.
they can adapt the formations on the fly.
which had the boundary conditions
The specified location is not mounted
Set (or Extend) Left Selection
Looking for other operating systems
nairee,kristoff,ad Mobile democratic: society and politics articles,2003
In some places his force backtracked before Akbar came.
Run “%s” on any selected items
Use your council's complaints procedure 17
to all the kids in high school.
WHAT EXPERIENCE AND QUALIFICATIONS DO I NEED ?
Copying %'d file (in “%B”) to “%B”
It's so sad that we constantly say,
TRUE for a case sensitive search
for creativity, a whole range of things.
Error: Connection deletion failed: %s
who said that he was “knee-deep in the decisive year.”
he has 15 nobel, in which 2 are incomplete
But things are also changing
by the people in the village.
Exporting entire file at %d Kbps
That 's not new .
How long will the hearing last ?
There was a hole there among the stones .
It sets things into perspective, etc., etc.
They're good. They're your creation. Enjoy it.
“Before I die, I want to be completely myself.”
Fax : 020 7490 0881
I've been wrong a lot lately.
Very little emphasis on ethics,
paragraph unselected down from cursor position
suddenly everything they have learned in the abstract
We will be known forever by the tracks we leave.
that are very, very tiny.
It would not give .
What's the kind of thing you're going to do?
One cannot contribute unless one feels secure,
Error while setting the frame rate.
CA: What are your plans? MIT?
So we have trouble with risks
I shall be afraid here … !
Use a web service to help resolve navigation errors
There was a time when you played cricket,
is we're always changing the car.
vozME- Online Hindi text-to-speech of vozME.
Relation (Or contributions to) with the Revolution
Parliamentary control over the Executive is political in nature .
for that you have to go back to your calendar,
Phone no : 0114 259 4425
He was there since 1923 .
Network name is already taken
Daemon running as PID %u
These parts are given importance separately from the main form.
Pathar in Deccan is located in southern part of india.
Will hope yield at last its golden harvest ? ”
Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives
The ‘dhamm' which opens the doors of enlightenment for everyone.
Could not delete network “{0}”
Copyright © 2008 GNOME Do Developers
Sync Error: Please reset Sync via the Google Dashboard.
used the same way for centuries.
Railway construction noise and railway noise : insulation
This word“”anthropogenic global warming“” many times that time used.
Minimum year value in calendar
I was detained on the 27th night.
It was a trend that later became common .
“I love the shoes, but I hate the laces.”
On the next day, deepawali comes.
Spells the current flat review item or word.
because it's vital, not just to ourselves,
So, you know, this does happen.
have a predictability of prices in the economy.
So it is called the period of Vedic culture .
Failed to look for applications online
this really disgusting-tasting artificial lemon-flavored drink
The file “%s” could not be opened.
1 month in the future
If you delete a network, it will be permanently lost.
Please enter the password for account “%s”.
Place all clients on hold
Graph color for shared memory
Ana-for half na,ma,da,tra,an or for nasikikaran
it was a most agonizing and harrowing experience.
in order to do this.
.“”Sandhi“” is the most improtant quality of sanskrit language.
The cable over there, that's an optical fiber.
WK: This is my home. This is where I live.
is we both like to talk about ourselves.
Help file “%s” not found.
I was going to become a brain doctor,
Control Rhythmbox using an infrared remote control
“How can we use ... ”
From Laptop Guru to Telugu Robin Hood ?
And over there they don't even use one each.
Hindi Blog.Org. Hindi concise directory
The geographer was suddenly stirred to excitement .
Formula-repeating parrots were even more uneducated than rhyme-reciting parrots .
ASSURED SAFE CATERING <s> A Management System for Hazard Analysis
despair which is called poverty reduction,
of Roald Dahl's “James and the Giant Peach.”
Benefits you may be able to get
But ultimately, the government prevailed in the end,
Enable background loader component for hosted applications
What expenses can my witnesses claim ?
Sree Ramchrita Manas- Lenka Kaant
and see the location they have to remember.
Priority to use for this plugin
Around 2000 BC small - small state and made Atesanghtten
. Ruins of house of wax at Varnavat(presently called Barnava)
Use dialog boxes for errors
National Headquarters of the Israel Police
Unable to open saved state file '%s': %s
SVG is disabled. Install python xml module to enable it
Failed to close file ‘%s': %s
Flag of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Where to get help and advice see page 32 .
Internal GStreamer problem; file a bug
Primary pollutants include human activities.
Hindian National portal (In Hindi)
And interestingly, from an identity standpoint,
Why not make myself a low-cost napkin?
brilliant Dr. Brilliant later today -
they were mentally transporting themselves.
Error removing old file: %s
So I want to leave you
four hours sleep the night before.
when it breaks all walls between humans
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Error associating schema name '%s' with key name '%s': %s
The rest is for others .
“ Nothing . <s> I own them . ”
The Secret History of the Mongols
And that feeling also led me
Today there is a raging debate
We think the person likes to do what she's doing.
companies. They can make it fun and sexy and hip
The Industrial Disputes Act, 1947
Public health care runs on the ASHA worker,
but it does seem useful to ask ourselves,
The good news is that we're actually born smiling.
in ways I have never seen in my life.
Paste memo from the clipboard
so that the ambulance became an extra bed
The RecentManager object to use
I came across a policy statement,
Are we foolish to be optimistic
Many Mythological stories are connected with River Ganga.
We discuss our differences and sometimes over-emphasize them .
There may be slight inconvenience in some women .
Tech guru, like this man -
they are among just five percent of their peers
And I mean, normally it kind of rolls it away,
Length of step buttons at ends
in front of all the players,
services that give you a break
How does your Right to Manage work ?
He had not expected it .
Rise toward stardom 1973 - 1983
If true, display time in Universal Coordinated Time zone.
The rich flora of Central America is under threat .
{0} joined the network {1} and {2} other network
List of cities in Malaysia
Private ISPs in India (In English)
at least in minds that are not
At a glance I can distinguish China from Arizona .
that they have an instantaneous button-clicking culture,
History of the Hindu-Arabic numeral system
Mr. Tansen was the singer in Akbar's royal court.
and do that kind of work.
I went off on my own to become an artist,
System update available. Preparing to download…
but we did have a lot of fun.
Note, 8 1/2 x 11 in
Error: no valid parameter specified.
So being accurate about how limited globalization levels are
Index[%02x] Codec[%S], Language[%S], Bitrate[%S], Channels[%d], Duration[%d]
Subashbabu Meanwhile, Netaji were known
over time we were able to start a company
Coordinate expression doesn't seem to have any operators or operands
and this understanding of our ancestors
Beep when a key is
Please select a file to import!
by this moon now several times.
Interior of the Taj Mahal.
And if it costs even a dime
And today's political slogan is, “Bijli, sadak, pani,”
and to groom them or show them
by 60 percent in men.
These are CCPs. <s> 4 Recommend monitoring and control procedures.
especially one-on-one [with the] opposite sex.
Overall, more than 1652 languages and dialects spoken in India.
into the Germanic languages of Europe
For one and two parent families
You can usually get extra money for your family .
Create a new contact list
Password requested for RTSP server
Reconnect automatically when the connection is lost
More significantly, mechanization has enormously increased farm efficiency and productivity.
to let us know that we're wrong about something,
Bheeshma: earlier Bheeshma was called by the name Devavrata
can now become the architects of their own identities
Password associated to the user
Choose a Video or Audio File to Begin
Google Talk Screen Sharing Request
Well a sermon wants to change your life
A flag to enable fullscreen mode
List of airports by IATA code: F
which I'd never been to one before -
and they pin them to the wall like butterflies.
Error code %u when uploading: %s
MM: It starts playing immediately.
Think about all the services we have online.
same bike, and they'd do something called “truing” the wheels.
The identity of this website has not been verified
Another kind of cell, head direction cells,
Filename for the font you want to use
in 1776 Vishwanwth Dutt died.
Can I be this fierce about this?”
Category : Farrukhabad's Hindi Poet
Era of emotional wake writing (Chayavadi yug of Hindi literature)
He was the Chief of Indian Armed forces
Henry John Temple, 3rd Viscount Palmerston
Program received from Sanskrit_OCR to convert Roman output into Devanagari.
Set media disk cache size
Invalid socket, initialization failed due to: %s
Mountain Standard Time - Arizona
Ethical English-Hindi dictionary - Information
This is the world development index indicator data
First, there's a group of people
How do I know about this car?
Application set a bogus _NET_WM_PID %lu
That's true even amongst peers.
List of airports by ICAO code: D
I joined Telco, made TATA trucks, pretty close to Pune.
and I could feel like I fit in.
Automatically unlock this when I log in
Additional criteria for training for a professional or specialist qualification
This file cannot be ejected
And he had posted lots of nature videos in fact.
and it literally gleams in the sun.
A parade of government subsidies is going to proposed big-box
here in the present tense,
On this day only Rama defeated and killed Ravana.
That system, I call the third side.
a modern trading standards service
Later due to lack of water, returned back to Agra.
In '85, '86, I was in Bangladesh
Touch one . . .
Constituents in dung that form a fertilizer
and then she cracks up,
It's named after Latin for “seahorse,”
A simple and easy to use desktop note-taking application.
and it was a really neat idea,
Fetching summary information for new messages in '%s'
Another half an hour after 12 days.
Practise multiplication until all the cards are gone.
Muslims call this the day of catastrophe.
Maybe to Terezín to find Mummy and Daddy .
And that's essentially what we're trying to build.
Type of Majority in Legislation [Parliament- State Legislation]
These electrodes act like mini pacemakers
I can not emphasize enough
than it is now. We thought there'd be animals there;
Ramayana, Mahabharata and Puranas are written in poetic Sanskrit.
Create a smoke - free zone for your baby .
I mean the IPL had 2.3 billion dollars
and a good friend last year to suicide,
So, I say that we have a 50/50 chance
Till now Mumbai has India's most sky high buildings.
I put my objects on top of it.
{0} left the network {1} and {2} other network
Cannot save to directory “{0}”.
to encourage you, to urge you,
is immense amount of courage.
Herakal have many wives and several children
Every problem has a gift for you in its hands.
I have a corresponding milestone to robust human rejuvenation.
Heart disease <s> There are two normal stages.
and three nights of the week have them tell stories.
we identify with all that is in the world
Fetching file %li of %li at %sB/s
The number of axes on the device
The contents of the tooltip for this tray icon
can put a virtual grid of firing locations
Muslim manu scripts were behind the coin.
Deleting old survey result tables
These are the first points to learn .
is that enough? It makes your armpits juicy, you know?
Now that was the advice
In the world Islam's major cult and their distribution.
But the reason for it is not known till date.
Could not fork '%s': %s: mail not sent
to extended buildings and boundaries
Carrots are also relished by horses .
There are eleven thousand verses in the LingaPuran.
God knows bad deeds of his before he does.
even a shoe that applies pressure to the foot.
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants
but will also help us, in some way,
Marked tokens have been deleted.
that are the result of this.
How powerful would our world be
Starts a new game playing all the available game types.
of a tradition of telling African stories in the West.
in addition to helping people see,
Without solving them we cannot do anything .
Error: Could not create NMClient object.
and immediately, before we even started
How can socialism come to this country ?
An error happened during quicksave.
They wash like this: by hand.
And it doesn't matter how much information we're looking at,
Burns and blanks DVDs and BDs
There is a provision to download the entire Mahabharath|
Ammonia (NH3) emitted by agricultural process.
.Agra was favorite place of Mughal kingdom.
Where are they? Where are those ripples?
and these robots can fly indoors
Let's think of something else.
Here's a picture of me and my friend, Chris,
Cannot start VPN connection '%s'
but the lessons for me were that accountability counts -
This requires a maximum cultural contact .
That ' s true , the boy thought .
And basically what the insect has to do -
But the educational message must be the right one .
A nipple rash on or around the nipple .
All these tribes are very fond of silver ornaments .
And if avian flu hits, or for any other reason
but often there are obstructions
That's when I believe statistics,
You see, the folks at the ministry of health,
CA: Thank you so much.
Error: NSP with name '%s' not found.
Repeat value for timeouts, when button is pressed
cricket city's and nation's most interesting game
Official place of elected President
that can print on plates of sugar.
This is melodious and full of tender sentiments.
He looked happy and contented .
-s sleep value (default 8)
Add an account for the selected service
Their adult life is but a few weeks long .
The row the widget resides in
Enable to render message text part of limited size.
University of California, Santa Barbara
as a participant, we would have calibrated the difficulty level
I put it on my finger, switch it on,
Specifies whether the window's resize grip is visible.
why do you need something better?
to view them as property and the objects of men.
Width if applier is a preview: Defaults to 64.
Failed to set symmetric key for decryption.
Thank you for listening to me today.
Try looking at the world through their eyes !
The server returned a malformed response.
And then are fit for ridicule.
Q . Which party has gained from the alliance ?
New Zealand national cricket team
This Fast is also called as ROZA.
It 's not your fault !
Account sign-in details are out of date.
trust me, we will sink to them.
But they are still feeling the pain of the Egyptian.
The reported error was “{0}”.
Civil Aviation Act 1982 <s> ISBN 0 10 541682.7
Here are some insights gleaned from my media year:
He shares it unconditionally and he shares it regardless.
Free milk for disabled children see page 14 .
But , the Parliament is a large body .
With them travelled new ideas and new thoughts .
and from giving up on his dreams.
The pattern is arithmetical and works vertically.
Business @ the Speed of Thought
Triticale-triticale crosses are also made -LRB- d -RRB- .
There were people who raised a hue and cry,
It is separately take count of|
For ten days the house observes a mourning period .
Who works at the Museum ?
faster than ever before and understand the disease better
Maximum video bitrate (in kbits/s):
For anyone here from Brazil, you'll know about this plant.
So the longer distances I ran,
The Tribunal is made up of three people .
Please enter the nickname you want to use.
Dr. B. R. Ambedkar National Institute of Technology Jalandhar
Don't you feel one step closer already,
This sect became well-known as the Shia sect.
I have spread my dreams under your feet;
that what I had imagined
Train your memory and remove all the cards
And because of the social connections,
This is in Buddhist New Year.
Whether background images should be printed.
a modern trading standards service
Healthy teeth and how to keep them 2
Discover 1979 Satellite-based ocean and climate data from NASA
Causes the screensaver to exit gracefully
Adds custom header to outgoing messages.
This operation is not supported
So let me just show you a couple of examples
So if I can finish with a metaphor for intervention,
.Due to population growth (called so many “”bulges“”)
a clock would go off.
Didn't understand ‘%s' (list must start with a '[')
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals
but taking part in it
when you have very few ophthalmologists?
US Pacific Time - Baja California near US border
Quantity efforts of the rotating moment of a drive
The turnaround came when two elderly women became members .
Bheeshma's death was at his own will|
And finally the falcon returned with their meal .
Can't write to deflate stream: %s
I've tried this in many, many schools.
about every aspect of driving.
Do not speak chat room name.
Nipple discharge , new for you and not milky .
The effect on blood glucose and differentbodysystemsaresummarised as follows :
Emergency! <s> What do you do?
but nevertheless, the direction it is moving in
No backend name in source '%s'
Delay before the submenus of a menu bar appear
Here's an example of the puzzle you're going to solve.
Mumbai South Central (Lok Sabha constituency)
Each Veda has four parts.
we underestimate the tremendous change in Asia, which was
Fall back to threading messages by subject
Whether to thumbnail TrueType fonts
Delete links to %d item
It is important to first URL have been used
Because I've cobbled this together
Unknown styleset “%s” on <%s> element
The zoom level of the view content
Right-click on the shadow file and select <gui>copy</gui>.
it's what we think looks realistic really.
And so it was then that I realized
Kuran Hindi is also available in Arabic translation.
It ' s pretty near .
London Borough of Tower Hamlets
you're more likely to have your feelings match reality.
Failed to partition the selected disk
requires '%s' or '%s' setting
I am writing in Sanskrit
Detailed list of their works is below
Whether the selected text color has been set
but we looked at, are we solving the problem?
In the post-war years production increased rapidly .
Li maintained an inscrutable silence over the affair .
Your connection to $1%{DOMAIN} is encrypted with $2%{BITCOUNT}-bit encryption.
Diary of residence in foreign land.
Settings for subtitles, teletext and CC decoders and encoders.
Access Bluetooth on your system
The best civil engineers we had, the best planners,
When water became scarce there, he came back to Agra.
They went through a lot to get here.
Goals determine what you are going to be.
They lavish attention on it
Then I have been walking East for 20 years -
The time remaining when action is taken
Aryans did not create idols or temples of any deities.
Stop the file sync service
It's a group of concerned citizens
The document contains no pages
Administrative divisions of South Korea
Host name for SOCKS requests
It has the decisions of your matters.
TD: So I think that sincere motivation
List of programming languages by type
Thes matters were mentioned in his literatute.
you do something that makes a difference in somebody's life.
Please click below to populate the database
Category: World's leading News paper.
Disable support for 3D graphics APIs
the reason so many school buildings collapsed
The title of the font chooser dialog
This theme does not suggest any particular font or background.
Consider first the cell structure .
<span size='large' color='white'>Create a new virtual machine</span>
Version backup failed (file saved with @)
The Rekhis will never forget the day .
Thoughts of great men about Mahabharata
Services for people with learning disabilities
get a new category - '92, '93, '94, '95, '96,
Help books (*.htb)|*.htb|Help books (*.zip)|*.zip|
Nairsh, Kristaph, Ed Mobile world: Society, Tune, Politics articles.
and hospitals and business startups,
you took the story of Abraham,
Indian Audits and Accounts Service
Whether the spinner is active (ie. shown) in the cell
.Eight Pishtaqs(vaulted archway) enhances the beauty of arch floor.
All people and one resource
As we become more comfortable in our environments,
emphasize that not every autistic kid
This was later supplemented by the 1898 Act .
talk about it, get help.
To help make this possible, you should:
And nowadays even walls have ears .
tools to translate hindi in firefox
Enter name or content you would like to search for
Aain-Ae-Akbary is also made by him.
The default pointer that ships with X
Save your responses so far
and there's quite a lot of detail there.
Insert Spaces Instead of Tabs
but no one makes a roof placed like this.
Removing packages specific to the live system...
to draw a line in the sand
Number of buzz routines to spin up the drive
We need to put money where it can productively grow.
So at the end of it,
if all of them knew what two standard deviations
PLAYWORK: OUT-OF-SCHOOL CLUBS AND HOLIDAY PLAY SCHEMES
Please enable the account or send using another account.
5) put into action <s> 6) check
And the thing about a successful life,
Why you need a prophylaxis -LRB- professional cleaning -RRB- .
relate to conditions after death -
%{PRODUCTNAME} needs to be restarted to apply the update.
but when we pour water for her in her bowl,
Evolution Calendar alarm notification service
The original URI of the history item
Presentation helper to make annotations on screen
character value in \x{...} sequence is too large
Show the filtered file list (%d file)
And so light shone upon the Dark Ages of Europe.
that account for the vast majority of those deaths:
So not only do we do the veggie house,
A <text> element can't occur before a <tags> element
Error seeking to offset %s
you will find that people call government
from Abbottabad where Bin Laden was caught.
nehru was blamed for many reasons of india
Stories have been used to dispossess and to malign.
Akbar's personality was one of the most talked about subjects|
And they might say, “Look, don't even try.”
The camera is actually tracking all your gestures.
CRPF personnel shoot him dead .
Shantanu was born in the Kuru dynasty.
And I would see the exasperation
In some instances the cost may not be known .
Languages with official status in India
He's approaching the end of the run,
productive arrangements with your own citizens,
Highest run in one day international world cup competitions
The vimana superstructure of brick has a prominent sukanasika .
You will need to :
Kolkata is a major port on the river Hoogly.
I said, “Well, that's kind of neat.
- Jimmy Carter, 39th President of America
But deciphering the script is a very challenging task.
Presently Indians are interested in Foot Ball, Hockey and Tennis.
Those sold for two dollars each.
after this day he could not bee seen by anyone.
Find someone to make, delete, regulation
This is what I saw.
who were not afraid to think,
2010: Lars Vilks, Swedish artist (by the Alija brothers)
Learn How To Use Plugins
Failed to retrieve share list from server
Can we reduce the problems?
Himalayas have some important religious centers also.
It ' s not !
he was a prisoner, and he was a teacher.
<b>Select the personal data you want to clear</b>
His contribution has importance in story literature also.
Best collection of some special hindi poetry.
For the joy of his return people celebrate the festival.
So you create a bridge between the media
'%(filename)s' is being downloaded to your computer.
The Keyboard Preview, X offset
The current filter for selecting which files are displayed
So none of this mishegas
doing something that's a decade ahead of their time.
“ An alchemist , ” said the alchemist .
There are no people in the desert .
And it works the exact same way.
Very sadly, he took his own life.
In the end, Benjamín and Julián decided
Display images from your camera device
at the age of 15.
Generally breast cancer can be treated .
Rhythmbox couldn't access the CD.
Change how long to wait before the button is clicked
So one of the advantages of this design
Comments: <s> Email me if someone replies to my comment
That is a huge change
where can I check it?
but also including other mammals, birds,
Yesterday is but today's memory, and tomorrow is today's dream.
Girl with a Pearl Earring
They can also provide services for you .
Simulation of data CD burning
Whole class about 15 minutes shared reading or writing
And I'm balling, I'm crying,
Maybe the swami is right.
I'm asking you this because no child, no human being,
And the second goat says, “No, the book was better.”
was that he said that this is entirely due
Check first what help you may be able to get.
to create the spatial structure
53% of Agra's population were men and 47% were women.
From there Ram travelled again and met ascetic Sharbang.
DER, PEM, or PKCS#12 private keys (*.der, *.pem, *.p12)
there's a certain amount of modulation of that,
Show autocompleted name with an address
Open %s and other files of type “%s” with:
List of states and territories of India by area
On due publication , the award becomes final .
mughal emperor Akbar made fatehpur sikri his kingdom's capital
Look at the pentagon, for instance,
Prasad-kavya me Vimb-Yojana (Google book; Writer - Ramrishna Aggarwal)
Mumbai stock exchange is the oldest stock exchange of Asia.
Emperor Sahajahan built Lal Fort and Sahajahanbad in 1639 AD
Now, visual thinking was a tremendous asset
3. Having cancer of the eyelid or the eyeball.
There used to be regular gatherings at his residence .
It's about knowing you're not alone.
Restoring from the folder %s
1980: Faisal Zagallai, Libyan dissident, in the United States
Could we bring down the lights please? Thank you.
Could not set as default application
For example Saraswati Bharav,sorya and ganosh kund ect.
the parasite evolves and the mosquito evolves.
when I - about the importance of this message -
Unable to create cache path
Hindi -Urdu machine translation (online)
The good news is, by 2006,
Goes to previous check box.
Education is worth nothing without civil liberty .
Could not extract authlist from packet
Access to your camera is controlled by your administrator.
Please make sure that the applet is properly installed
Speaker of the Lok Sabha
Choose a mbox spool directory
Could not go offline in the network “{0}”
eBay solved the prisoner's dilemma and created a market
from people from all around the world.
A . Politics is now my full-time vocation .
He merely said to me :
“ Everything … the way we live . ”
can't get seek position on file descriptor %d
It takes some time to change for this,
Who could have predicted “Double Rainbow” or Rebecca Black
these cells may not even be human.
Is there any relief from some of these pressures
that granted telecom immunity for possibly warrantless spying
First activity was recorded on %s.
Always run on this site
Feather picking is another common vice among poultry birds .
I said, “You make your own groups of four.
I'll leave you with this story.
wearing warm underwear from just out of the dryer,
Main point: Detailed story of Mahabharat
Samuel is 16. He's tall. He's very handsome.
You have to specify a module name and arguments.
Who do I complain to ?
Point source dispersion is used for industrial sources.
'%s' isn't a valid response to an OAuth authentication request
Khatmandu is the capital and largest city of Nepal.
The boy climbed the dune slowly .
Task preview pane position (horizontal)
people - not only in this country, but also
of my rather aggressive time frames that I'm predicting here.
Kurukshetra: That place where Mahabharath's great war took place|
For his brilliant efforts, he was nearly impeached.
because we won't get there with a standardized test,
You are logged into Flickr as %s.
is: 100 things happen in your life, good or bad.
and his partner in crime,
Control the pointer using the keypad
is the next year we have the Cultural Revolution.
is to thank you all for your kindness.
Ca n't high-risk babies be recognised ?
Error: No network with SSID '%s' found.
The senior Raju was impressed .
Audio and Video of Quraan(In Arabic)
Whether this tag affects indentation
about - the Skeptics is a nonprofit educational organization.
“ Why do they persecute us ? ”
Aaj Tak and India Today in Hindi
And that shores up our economy, makes it stable.
“”I am Brahma '- thus you understand the soul exist!
He becomes the chairman for new speaker election process.
Language %s does not exist; using %s
The default browser is currently %{BROWSERNAME}.
it unleashes a lot of energy.
Hemarani devi was religious,workaholic,thinker and vegetarian lady.
In war of Kurushketra, Bhima drank blood from Dushyasana's chest.
to some of the poorest people on the planet.
And cartoons can cross boundaries,
Raja Ramanna Centre for Advanced Technology
No application available for sharing.
“No, no, no! Should be a frog!”
inside is filled with valuable items
perhaps has to have some winners and losers.
He has designed this plate with a handle.
List of the 100 largest municipalities in Canada by population
It was the most awesome moment of revelation
It was first civil war of Islam.
The remedy otherwise could be only political .
He also wrote 'Akbar Nama'
Add a sentence to this list :
Allies of World War II
What are the barriers to success ?
Looking this perhaps can be estimated of its interior beauty.
is the window through which you reach out to people,
If you put it in writing :
Do you want to continue playing?
“Oh, you know, we're just doing art.” “Art?”
a very difficult device to explain.
Did you hear your speech played back?
It's like its own little coupling.
There are tales of creation and loss,
We cannot go very far with propaganda and agitation .
magic tricks are like jokes.
But if you know stuff,
Use an MD5 file to check the disc
Can't overwrite existing read-only value
Could not find temporary space!
Bidlah Foundation for his autobiography, he was honored Muse
This was the key to analyzing these experiments.
Did not understand state “%s” for <%s> element
the way we see the world.
They nervously agreed. I nervously started, and, of course,
It was also the day after the inauguration,
using a technique that we're using all over the world
at the time of the Chinese invasion.
Failed to construct URI for folder '%s': %s
He was given an undignified seat near the president .
Are you sure you want to delete these {0} memos?
I'm speaking about compassion from an Islamic point of view,
And probably the least appreciated aspect of this
by people who have been trained.
Evolution Mail accounts configuration control
Returned policy token doesn't match current token
So how do these guys then monetize
too stupid or too lazy
Change gain on focused track
you have a transformative effect.
Sisir arrived around 9 p.m .
And the model that we're working with
Width of process 'Nice' column
Bereavement Loss and sorrow are shocking experiences .
This has been found in raw meat and cat faeces.
If you are actively seeking work
But those of us living in environmental justice communities
2. This leads to powers going into wrong hands.
“Send and Receive Mail” window maximize state
The extension “%{EXTENSIONNAME}” was automatically removed.
have compressed because of this.
The vertical position of the login window.
(about %i sheet of paper)
At that instant I was saying to myself :
The maximum jitter buffer size for audio reception (in ms)
Server challenge contained invalid “Quality of Protection” token
I'm going to understand how vulnerability works,
and we've all been campaigning and investigating,
The plunge is across the board .
and especially with somebody of the opposite sex
Error attaching disk image: %s (%s, %d)
Category: Rivers of West Bangal
and say, and what do we have but environmental degradation
using the second and third person masculine,
Fasting is with the Hindus voluntary and supererogatory .
is being replaced - dangerously, I think -
Video filters are used to process the video stream.
So what's a technology that will allow us
Failed to parse message “%s” from dialog process
Do you want to fly kites?
The National Movement of India
such a government is driven by self-interest
“ Everybody in the place knew that .
tty input for background process
his vocabulary went from two to three words
Token attribute descriptions were successfully updated.
its expansion and cuts off the formation of larger-scale structure.
You must choose a longer password
And that hospital could have afforded flashlights.
The variation is very, very small.
It was about 115 degrees.
%s has proposed the following task assignment changes:
Well it turns out that the secret was broccoli.
America is a home of leagues. And they said,
to an account earmarked for a shell company
Couldn't allocate memory for PCX image
The people in the modern world, in the secular world,
And it's also sometimes called algo trading,
Alphabets: Hindi -> English dictionary Hindi to English dictionary
Rename Search “%s” to “%s”
whether the deceased has left any property or not .
between the leaders of Russia
called “Touched With Fire” by Kay Redfield Jamison
History of the British Raj
Lawyers/advocates/barristers/solicitors have been in existence since time immemorial .
Packages that won't be changed
His biography on the official place - in English
That Iran was once a secular society,
where we're beginning to understand
Where his statue is also present.
Could not start the formatting process.
When should I apply ? 6 54
I jumped to my feet , completely thunderstruck .
never visited the local art museum,
Open link in inco&gnito window
Decoration of the unfinished project
who look at security policy,
Shri Ram College of Commerce
looking for catalog '%s' in path '%s'.
the first favela of Brazil named Providencia.
international progress of modern Hindi
Failed to stat ‘%s': %s
The following are not valid:
Bollywood, India's movie industry is also located in Mumbai.
Pixels to crop from bottom
This article is web page feed
German and Italian Embassy had helped him.
{0} came online in the network {1}
Comment on this item <s> Name
and cartoons are at the middle of it?
How often to refresh the package cache
and that's very important because I think glasses,
He was honored with Bharat Ratan in the year 1955.
So he came back kolkata via karachi by airplane.
In Manushyalok stablishes the Aadha Bharat of one million shalok.
at times of birth and death,
And this was an important thing
<b>%s</b> %s, %d %s by %d %s Folder: %s
Move between windows of an application, using a popup window
I think that's going to become completely possible
The default graph type to show in the statistics window
Telecom Regulatory Authority of India
It matters because the health care industry
in a way that some of the best orators cannot.
Unable to move %1% to %2% (%3%); renamed to %4%
Back in New York, I am the head of development
Talk to people over the Internet
Do not warn me again
He catches the dread disease and dies .
Folder '%s' does not exist.
he always has the choice at least
but more like the Internet itself.
and become at ease with the idea that every step
The module has not been initialized
The boy was shocked .
Replaces leaflet SD1 April 2000.
Add items to list using a dedicated dialog
Couldn't set groupid to %d
Enter login to log in
and do a kind of a cross-modal
and I'm hoping that people can just fill it in.
Return 0 if gconfd is running, 2 if not.
Network entries can only have one TO address.
Allow notifications from the following:
is looking to force ourselves
Those two countries are geographically similar.
The signs The dangers What to do
Network name is already taken
The good thing was that Narendra was unmarried.
List of airports by IATA code: Y
Close window and cancel downloads
Sorry, could not open this file.
List of visited web pages
But have you seen anything in nature,
is never going to be Egypt after the 25th.
Whether the sidebar should be visible.
Show Haguichi in the notification area
India at the 1948 Summer Olympics
even the good, well-intentioned companies.
His disease make him weak physically and mentally.
All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam
Expand list of weather information
in a part of our world's culture.
Unexpected icon chunk in animation
Name of key theme RC file to load
“Come on. You got a ticket?”
and this is arguable a sophisticated psychological view,
There may be many symptoms of indigestion .
one with government-approved THC marijuana, and one with nothing.
Label for the file system in this partition:
they are selected one subject-Arts,Science or commerce.
only with the divine attribute of justice.
and the chickens end up in the soup pot.
Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period
Most changes in breasts are not causes of cancer .
on the simultaneous time interfaces,
Modify countdowns, even while they are still running
I said reality doesn't change. It actually does.
There are generalists and also specialists
The people we served could no longer support us .
“ Go away - now … today … ”
It's actually strength - it's power.
Total pixel height of the peak items.
And it's also a great example
You must wait longer to change your password
are no longer willing to tolerate corruption from their leaders.
You've left your shoes, and you've stood in mine.
Include all networks created by this client
You are not adequately sandboxed!
We have to find the people with the skills,
Empty Cache and Hard Reload
Export or Share the default Calendar
which is the best-known treatment for malaria.
I have a very relativistic view of security.
Produced by DSS Communications (Leeds).
But in the meanwhile, there is a method available.
How much you have to pay
and the movie keeps playing.
If you close this tab, this process will end.
WARNING: Failed to parse default value ‘%s' for schema (%s)
noexec - do not allow execution of any binaries
Neither of them spoke ;
an undergraduate course called Global Health. But when you get
And you end you end up following your heart
Whether to expand the child's tab
The minimum value of the adjustment
Select the state or province to set your time zone:
If TRUE, the columns are all the same width
and moving away from an us-and-them world,
What if I want to employ a student?
Jammu and Kashmir Light Infantry
Regulated Tenancies (92 HUG 221)
the poorest, the remotest places.
But it wasn't sufficient to prevent General Abuzaid saying
this area is having less water
And that's really the spirit of my talk.
'true' if the selection can have files, 'false' otherwise
that if you find any water problem in your city,
“ What are the orders ? ”
running on very small batteries,
this is about vision; this is about the long line.
These carvings and plant designs look very lively.
You will get the way if we learn kuran
No longer just a foreign language on the school curriculum.
Sorry, could not save this file.
List of airports by ICAO code: H
%s %s after the end of the appointment
Love so deeply that it becomes your god.
The teaching profession rarely attracts the best students .
one-home rule or controlling of the opposition
We know how to do this better,
According to “”Hindu“” religion all living creatures contain Soul.
Reconnect automatically when the connection is lost
how to get from point A to point B.
Who here hasn't imitated their childhood hero
Place your left ring finger on %s
Title of Comments <s> Comments:
Time 100: The Most Important People of the Century
MSN Work Screen Name 1
That's what we tell here at TED, we tell stories.
Exec qualifier 'i' must be followed by 'x'
Assured and assured shorthold tenancies:
System is shutting down, please wait ...
\ at end of pattern
Click to add a memo
Use this if you are not filtering any mailing lists.
From this one get a feel about his bravery.
The ancient Indian was a master at manipulating metal .
Contact your nearest rent assessment panel for details .
Housing Benefit and Council Tax Benefit
that slash-and-burn agriculturalists in the Amazon
Revolutionary Front for an Independent East Timor
I know what they're thinking: “You don't know.”
Law , wrong things ,send and big police force.
Butterflies and insects of various colors are also found here.
Comment on this item <s> Name <s> Email Address (optional)
Restore a saved machine from a filesystem image
No human-hearted is denied of that empathy.
It's not easy, of course,
lords and ladies, or cuckoo-pint in this country.
Their efforts to curb spending didn't quite succeed.
with angels and trumpets, and the skies will open.
to one in which there was a hopeful outlook,
it was a pretty interesting idea to me.
internal error or corrupted object
Copy the selected image to the clipboard
Ram Kabir Agum and the world's particle particles Airajate
Now, I was 16. I was very worried about
grpquota - group disk quota accounting enabled
Lists of monarchs in the British Isles
Now, those who kept their mouths shut
OBEX Push file transfer unsupported
Sri Vallabhacharya is an important figure in Krishna-Kavyadhara (Krishna Mythology)
Manifestations were made to order .
Why ask more out of life ? ”
It took them a while to formulate plan B.
and was confused when I said that Nigeria
Run broadcast instead of indirect (chooser)
and treating them as a friend
and some of the terrific opportunities
they had an enormous amount of fun
He started to play in the year 1981.
Append a colon when replying
on how these robots work.
Science and technology in Germany
Backup file creation failed: %s
are related to unmanned aerial vehicles.
Page size is %lu bytes
Where all think alike, no one thinks very much.
Brasero - New Audio Disc Project
which means it's very difficult
Apply message filters to this folder
Could not load mobile broadband user interface.
If you have false teeth than check them properly.
They are equipped with nearly geometrical lace, flowers and fruits.
Expunging and storing account '%s'
Key “{0}” not found in keyring
Some of the problems are:
That gave a certain organic unity to it .
.Inside the mobile phone, a printed circuit board.
get to keep in touch with my mother and father,
In 1898, Sarojini Naidu became the life-partner of Dr.Govindarajulu Naidu.
is, first of all, talk about why we get stuck
Everyone in this room has been affected
In Shatpath Brahmin, Puran is referred to as the veda.
Load drivers from internal virtual driver disk?
And what I mostly say is that,
and there is no slip of tongue.
For some people, that was like, “Wow, silent stand.
in the files of the Vietnamese police.
The file or directory could not be found.
and put a third matchstick,
Display Instant results (a prediction service must be enabled).
Two sahsrawudiyuos temperature shows in different ways
This is the sound of one hand clapping.
The ears are nearly upright .
And I'm thinking, no, this is not possible.
Start the file sync service
There are some more songs left to burn
Gilund had long and wide parallel walls .
Indian Space Research Organisation Satellite Centre
your neighbor, your professor, your student.
Use spring model for wobbly window effect
people still need to drink water.
Sorry, something just went wrong in Launchpad Login Service.
Link my Chrome data to this account
You know, we fought hard to get at least
Only create if not existing
from preparation in one-liter flasks
Error finding enclosing mount: %s
In the army of Duryodhana, Pitamah Bhishma became the commander.
Data source '%s' does not support OAuth 2.0 authentication
I went from desk-dwelling computer nerd
Dilute fresh fruit juice and take with meals .
that he would try to figure it out.
on this day we light lamps for Yum Worship
He cleared his throat and moved closer to her .
Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur
between statics of the political system
Display notification when a member leaves
And in fact, because their minds don't fit
were the telegraphers of the mid-19th century,
And my parents got me a tutor in French,
An error occurred while detecting silences.
These programs are run from a terminal:
Akbar s rule had a effect on tradition & art
Al Gore will walk you through and explain the photos.
Single click to open items
What have they seen ?
For one and two parent families
The attendance must not drop.”
Help you may be able to get
Private money will undoubtedly go the same way .
Hundreds of people were shot and killed .
Its architectural design and beauty enchants the tourists.
United States Bill of Rights
Auctioneer: Going at 1,500,000 dollars. Chennai.
An implicit faith in you
And this victory is so possible.
I even was a business consultant, doing strategies and tactics.
Failed to create pipe for communicating with child process (%s)
Stop of Dehaj Act 1961
There were warnings when trying to install this extension:
The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King
This film tried to find a balance
one is makki part one other madani part
A new appreciation for the privilege
List of cities in Mongolia
and more merciful inquiry and Nirodh policy
from that teacher, Mrs. Posten
The point of this story
1. Sursagar - which is Surdas's famous composition.
Our stories make us the people we are
So you're going to be in charge,
There now, social benefits, social progress,
The following surveys are available:
Could not display properties dialog
show activity in the reward centers of their brain.
No such file %s on drive %s
In Kalpana Chawla's life, the creative mind has been introduced.
ka.ji.ma-khan, Lahore refuges ,worked hard in these.
Position on the screen of the main window
We will switch it on,
We are a nine through 12 public school,
Add Sender to Address Book
on the design of the cheetah legs around the world.
And what's interesting about this view
Kabeer's work starts not with agreeing but with understanding.
Why? Because it is there in everybody.
because the government wanted to modernize the country
simply walked around his parents
Privileges are required to change GConf mandatory values
Keyboard shortcut to switch to tab 5
List index is out of bounds.
where there are thousands of galaxies clumped together, right.
One particular thing we might look at, in terms of
is about 25 watts at takeoff
3,000 hospitals, logistics and relief points.
Failed to inspect the lock file '%s'
The rise of the Pakistan landscape
We've shown that you can actually reverse heart disease.
And they came together because people in the movies
who are trying to expose stories like this
So they said, “We haven't given up.
but in a woman's voice.
and we engineer tissues out of them,
Advertising Bhaghat Singh as a negative figure(sunday)
SEXUAL INTERCOURSE IS ALSO BARRED FROM
Shotwell is configured to import photos to your home directory.
This is our home .
Ladies and gentlemen, the most enterprising people in Africa
Legislative (Parliament - State Legislative) types of majority.
And later I can find a wall, anywhere,
So I want to show you a clip
Her eyes widened with surprise .
then you have to admit
It all came to an end without a pang ;
he got off the plane at the Toronto airport,
Or to take an even more striking example,
Set all photos/videos to this time
And if you want to go back
The father was naturally disappointed and annoyed .
description about the garden like trees,plants,rose,kumud like flowers
Google Wallet requires at least a first and last name.
and you don't see those kind of numbers very often.
Enter password to unlock the private key
The map of India during the period of Mahabharath
Marco Polo and Cherokee Nation,
After that, I started to experiment
For 200 years, these kings consolidated their powers.
Anybody? Any guess at all?
is you need to take out anybody
This mausoleum is the symbol of his great personality.
The default width for the sidebar, in pixels.
Healthy teeth and how to keep them
English Hindi dictionary in PDF form
How to claim see page 18.
You are aged 60 or over?
this ved 's name etc does not follow any style
Noise Act 1996 - Environment Circular 8/97
Use this connection only for resources on its network
Take notes, link ideas, and stay organized
page related to global warming by Union of concerned scientists
Kalpana chaw las family foundation
heating with firework and washing like that.
these are the interesting ones.
who speak Afghan languages fluently,
Cannot open file %s for writing: %s
There are nine thousand hymns in Markandey Puran.
of making its environment dirty,
Diwan - E - GENERAL
Puraan literaly means - 'OLD' or 'ANCIENT'
There is one other contact.
because drugs are easy to get hold of.
The percent value must be between 0 and 100, inclusive
Filters junk messages using Bogofilter.
of people with wings sitting on clouds
some of their extraordinary discoveries. Take this plant here.
Swamiji , please wake up .
How to achieve Gaza's transfer?
The culture of Aryans are called Vedic Culture.
and then they really are the backbone of the organization.
Moving messages into folder %s
Brmaha is Unique, only Unique.
we can use these technologies
Torat which provided to musa.
“ Once in your life you must .
Browse the file system with the file manager
B4 sheet, 250 x 354 mm
Show the image at its normal size
Central Standard Time - Saskatchewan - midwest
Package %s does not exist
1996 Great American Insurance ATP Championships - Singles
With older children it helps to :
The industry had three major problems to tackle .
All works of art are talking to us about things.
The following plugin options are available:
Strong rope of God that
53% of Agra's population is male & 47% are females.
that can include multiple pilots,
If they're bad, they're your creation. Learn from it.
List of airports by ICAO code: A
The column the widget resides in
%s records met minumum requirements
Assign shortcut keys to commands
And if we're going to really, truly become sustainable cities,
%s: Could not open cookie file %s
Thus power development was inadequate and extremely lopsided .
Help me democratize sustainability by bringing everyone to the table
Kanoj and Ban -LRB- p . 94 -RRB- .
With a bigger one, you make a bigger one.
Enter a box style name
They are tenants or landless labourers or the unemployed .
Whether to ask for confirmation before closing a terminal
is worth a lot more than what we're paying them.”
like the way you would learn a bicycle.
It didn't matter what she was crying about,
taught by nuns, fathers, brothers, sisters.
that made things even more complicated.
and gloom and doom forever,
You might want to think about :
Packages that are not available in any repository
by sharing it and doing consultancy, writing papers and
Basic email notification is sent to:
%s does not support the file format of %s.
Yahoo! Work Screen Name 3
Check for new messages in subscribed folders
Please add files to the project.
So the books are in English,
and there's a sphere that marks the different times.
Disable sending hyperlink auditing pings.
Too old version of GStreamer installed.
He has established several feats in batting.
Power and Jurisdiction of the Court :
Could not go offline in the network “{0}”
Could not write saved state file '%s' fd: %d: %s
Key %s is not set, cannot load launcher
Search for Agricultural Policy and Programmes
is a system that enables me
named Amitabha Sadangi from India,
Whose Dhamma do you follow ? ”
She waxed eloquent on the merits of digital movies .
Fort of Salimgarh was constructed by Shah Suri in 1546.
It's, of course, limited by science,
all of this with the so-called light footprint.
A factory error has been detected
“She doesn't know what she's in for.”
Here also stands Buland Darwaza, a monument of world-fame.
between my American and European colleagues,
with a very wide range of issues,
The reason is you never go
Consider whether you are getting the best deal .
and that's because the Indus script is undeciphered.
not able to provide them with vitamin A.
Cannot use local storage on remote connection.
with my control school in New Delhi,
I think that it's important for us to remember
If you delete a network, it will be permanently lost.
you will be welcomed to Elysium,
And for most, the first few days were the worst!
One chest image by him was also there.
and it then figures out where its position is
Show a side pane along the project
Failed to find mountpoint for %s
Where there is a crossing use it .
Logic puzzles. Challenge your reasoning and thinking skills.
and soldiers were pervasive in our society.
The new password must contain numeric or special character(s).
have misconstrued the relationship between biological complexity
Health diagnosis which can save your life
The certificate has been revoked
Shut down this system now?
15 years from the robust mouse.
Selected Poetry works in Hindi /Urdu and Sanskrit
and delivered tens of millions of services to people
“Clean Coal.” Has anybody noticed that?
is for astronomers to take pictures of Venus -
And this is before the internet got really big.
I thought, “Great. Finally something I can relate to.
My mom left Nairobi, Kenya.
Whole class - shared reading and writing
Indian government - authenticate website (in english)
Could not set application as the default: %s
and they use it to measure progress.
It disables/enables the prompt while marking multiple messages.
The port of the security origin
But power in India was neither cheap nor adequate .
Jabur which was gifted to Dawood.
Mountain Time - central Northwest Territories
The certificate “%{CERTIFICATENAME}” represents a Certification Authority.
That experience confirms that, in spite of all your limitations,
If you start work or training , will you :
They encourage innovation and ensure competitive prices .
“ I mean the man they took away . ”
Show process 'Priority' column on startup
that it's a time machine, in a certain sense.
at a lab at MIT called SENSEable City Lab.
But what we're really trying to do in my lab
And therefore she starts normalizing this exploitation.
Sanskrit - Scientific and computer efficient language
The essential package '%s' is marked for removal.
and I hope you never do,
Again in 1995 city was renamed as a Mumbai.
and I am overwhelmed by the sadness, by the difficulty,
Write every 128th miniframe to a folder.
Birju Maharaj was the principal artist of Kathak dance.
is that I think we miss an opportunity
This was the first time a prime minister of India
can't query for GUI plugins name in console applications
Something has happened … I was afraid .
Media industry is also a big employer here.
followers of all these religions were called 'Dhammi'.
We are creating the technology
Kaludayin went ahead to inform Shuddhodhana about the visit .
Ask them really interesting questions.
And I think that's what helped drive this.
It started getting bigger and bigger and bigger.
So we work with a lot of technology,
or a 200 million dollar movie.
Clear site data on browser shutdown (deprecated)
Valmiki Ramayana, publisher: Dohati Book Bank, Delhi
Of course he would .
it ha its own classification
Get Rid of the Keyring Manager
Medium size dams have been made on other rivers also.
Voluntary work does not count towards the 16 hours.
Uttra: Daughter of King Virat
and what everything else looks like.
Right to Buy: <s> Council Leaseholders rtb@detr.gov.uk
Pixels to padd to right
Big , awkward white letters .
Because of the historical Indian background, in the caste system,
that can just help us make optimal decisions
and everyone said, “Well, it's obviously impossible.”
and most of them are small farmers
There is block 17, house number One.”
And Sheikh Sayed did that in a fairly good way.
One recharge, and one stores.
We criticized people a lot in Bosnia
Support additional media player keys
Doctrine on causes of pollution.
Now let's get this straight. I am not anti-development.
WMA is not affected if you work .
Mistakes are the portals of discovery.
Continue running background apps when Chromium is closed
There are twenty four thousand verses in the “”Varahpuran“”.
will tend to live and reproduce,
Minimum height of buttons inside the box
But, of course, that's the point.
Because in Judaism, the number 18, in Hebrew letters,
Error from 'paranoia' on drive %s
How would you like to proceed?
bandwidth,the speed of internet is measured.
Birla Institute of Technology, Mesra
Nor are these sentiments confined to words alone:
Every DVD player and game player
And he was dealing with diverse and dynamic markets.
The German army in 1935 in Nuremberg.
Three parts of the Constitution
Enters learn mode. Press escape to exit learn mode.
in one in six children
Use %A for address and %N for nickname
The machine name to proxy socks through.
The lawyers, the judges, the policemen, the doctors,
as a modern, trendy convenience.
that what we saw in the early 1990s happened.
Intervals shown in Day and Work Week views, in minutes.
And the correlation, of course,
This region presently forms part of Uttaranchal.
who is really involved in the deal.
video element playback controls and status display
Accelerator to move the current tab to the left.
that had taken one such advanced medical technology
You can see a modern road, hardly 50 years old.
He would come back later when she was awake .
aah -to pronounce the swar word
Settings for the selected device:
A book named “”1000 Mahabharat Prashnottary(Questionnaire)“” contains 1000 confidential questions
in the face of an emergency,
And I wore it whenever I could,
This is particularly necessary near hospitals and schools .
So here is one without a skin.
In fact, the American publishers of my book,
-format-device must be specified when using -xid
Metrics related to the network usage of %{SHORT_PRODUCT_NAME}
Install them side by side, choosing between them each startup
the spirit of true Mexicans.
Plaque buildup is a primary factor in gum disease .
out of microbes in the air.
And then when he paused,
Be water, my friend. (Applause)
you can go to the YouTube and find India Innovates
Background color as a GdkRGBA
He wanted that his entire dynasty must use his currency
Out of a marker supply
Central are reestablish the association.
This image is not available offline.
but anywhere from 65 to 72 in translation.
1 minute in the future
reduces the confidence you have in the performance,
and showed them videos of ringing iPhones.
in that world, media is less and less often
There might be somebody on one right now,
The reply is simple . <s> I have tried .
Where is this money to come from ?
Nehru Belongs to the Kashmiri Pandit family
but expanding at a tremendous rate.
that might be made from my northern accent.
at the country farm of a friend,
Are you sure you want to remove the account?
The minimum horizontal width of the progress bar
so we still have a lot of work to do.
And my own view is the country
.His various scripts has been converted in to the songs.
“ Still so scared ? ”
Warning - Missing Alias Summary File(s)
it would start to wander about in the space.
an adult who will never give up on them,
about an hour outside Nairobi central.
Running in system mode, forcibly disabling SHM mode!
Load installer components from CD
But he was a good learner.
Automatically move cursor to the next character
into the graphic formats, where you can instantly understand them.
He was lord vishnu's 6th incarnation|
Send selected contacts to another person
because we are the carriers of the tradition.
Whether the actor is shown when parented
And she said, “You know what?
(Video) K'Naan: ♫ Oh oh oh oh oh o-oh ♫
Show “Cc” field when sending a mail message
Logical Volume Manager not available
Beep on Caps and Num Lock
First of all, recognizing that the glass
between developing a molecule and learning about
Impossible to set permissions for the file '%s'
And you can have a hundred million of these homes.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (film)
Cannot open data connection. Maybe your firewall prevents this?
on the firmware inside the human skull,
They are sold in the name of forced labor,
Municipal corporation is responsible for cities facility and necessities.
<b><span size=“x-large”>There's a Do plugin for that!</span></b>
Hindu religion believes that heaven and hell are temporary.
the cost of imprisoning our young black and Latino men,
They would be really useful.”
The notice will show you :
they shouldn't give advice to others -
but we've completely let ourselves down.
And that's how my relationship with corruption really began.
A cricket match is played between two groups(teams).
You have just inserted a blank Blu-Ray disc.
Prasads complete dram and one act play(Google book)
And every way back was blocked .
or the exoteric path and the esoteric path.
DYNAMIC request denied: Not authenticated
You fake it and make it.
Items in the trash may not be modified
But there is a saying in my culture
The address is : http : //www.dss.gov.uk
make up a web of spiritual life and cultural life
Store your private data with OI Safe.
Subash got into train - Frontier Mail and reached peshawar
The empire of Sinkhandhar was divided among its army officers.
Mount point for this partition:
Every artist was first an amateur.
this may lead to non governmental elements also
The default font size used to display text.
Click here to view help available
Arousal addiction, you want different.
%s: Could not read display address
Mumbai has Sister city Agreement with the following cities:-
We hope this procedure is clear.
This finished in year 1908.
Pyaar To Hona Hi Tha
but this made me cry when I discovered this.
{0} joined the network {1} and {2} other network
If YES to any, apply for Disabled Person's Tax Credit.
to send him all the way back to Kingston, Jamaica
Cookies set by this page
associated with irresponsibility and irrational thinking.
and spreads a newspaper, rolls it into the newspaper,
The screen to be monitored
in the words of Secretary Clinton,
Who fights while they walk?
that we all have on this Earth.
Fake voting and looting the election centre
Click to choose an icon
Everyone can expect to be seen within 26 weeks .
The seventies witnessed hectic progress .
That is something definite to go upon .
and mine have got four blades.
SOCKSv4 does not support IPv6 address '%s'
Dynamic Libraries (*.dylib)|*.dylib|All Files (*)|*
Error querying LDAP server: %s
Dhauliganga meets with Vishnu Prayag through Alaknanda.
He did not promise no clear support Subashbabu
And we do not ask this question.
We're all familiar with his fantastic work -
could understand this really profound thing about other people.
Pakistan's constitutional language is English and national language is Urdu.
And that was true .
Whether the action group is enabled.
When he was gassing the Kurds and gassing Iran,
The path right now is like an acorn;
Your Rights as a Council Tenant -The Council Tenant's Charter
Muslims do not consider Islam a new religion.
the presence of the women.
He is the ultimate truth, almighty and has all knowledge.
The second planet was inhabited by a conceited man .
Netaji Subhash: The search for the truth
I will support any politician of left and right,
NVQ Level 3 in Early Years Care and Education or
She blushed with shame .
Open the selected messages in the composer for editing
[to discover new ways of doing things]
$1%{PRODUCTNAME} may not be able to keep itself updated.
city's production of electricity crosses the limit.
And now DARwIn II is completely autonomous.
and talked and shared our difficulties.
Category : Mangala Prasad Awards
and, of course, covers itself with pollen.
into a flat four-dimensional space.
that live in alpine lakes in the mountains of California.
because this is my laconic child.
But horses tire bit by bit .
The Over consists of six balls.
Brent Goldfarb and David Kirsch,
Sri Digambar Jain Lal Mandir
This participant opted out of this survey.
Run Files app with the legacy user interface.
of illegal logging in funding the war in Cambodia.
and my emotions that may be enslaving me,
nairee,kristoff,ad place feelings:Mobile communication at world and local,2005
of the place cells in his brain currently
View help for this game
and take into account the wishes
or she's going to rip your arm off.
The people will find the total community.
- Otto von Bismarck, statesman (1815-1898)
We don't see it that way in the United States,
You will not like it.
not only do we create much more dignity for them,
GDM detected a halt or restart in progress.
zip library not supported by PHP, Import ZIP Disabled
Rhythmbox could not duplicate the disc
Mayor Bloomberg came in office, he was very supportive,
Corn is a case in point .
Do not change the boot/kernel font
Failed to install the base system
it's about eight inches in diameter.
Click to choose an icon
They must also start to produce green energy,
Error while matching regular expression %s: %s
Error: Option '%s' is unknown, try 'nmcli -help'.
Divide CPU usage by CPU count
The sheep yield long-stapled , coarse wool .
<i>Verify and save account information</i>
Knowing about the specialties of the days during Diwali
what is wrong according to lord budh
are you prepared to shift your instinctive current judgement
And it is amazing to me how many people apply,
You need to configure Hamachi before you can connect.
Volume step as percentage of volume.
Marketing poses a serious challenge to the industry .
This ZIP archive contains no valid Resources files. Import failed.
these are the digital campfires
my students to delegates to the World Trade Organization,
Switch between AM and PM.
Indic I M I (Indic Input Method Extension)
Could not open directory '%s'
Category:Democratic Republic of the Congo
Petroleum and Explosives Safety Organisation
AIM Work Screen Name 1
with quite as much alacrity.
This army destroyed 80% of its pavilions and gardens.
It ' s your mission on earth . ”
Bruhwahan: Son of Arjuna and Chitrangda
and being diagnosed with a mental illness
So the question is: What are we doing?
Even now, our choices are having unintended effects.
Bug Buddy is not installed.
Hydrocarbons , phenols , fats , oil and grease .
Chee Pearlman, who hopefully is in the audience somewhere today.
a $30 million mansion in Malibu, California.
Please select an image of size 48 * 48
Passing an unkown object to GetObject
Keep cookies for the duration of the session.
So, really, we have five secrets.
The Granny Cloud sits on the Internet.
When will they be introduced ?
And we really, we really loved this machine.
Binding for the custom binding
In Current Folder and Subfolders
Alligators found in the river “”Ganges“”.
2 It has to prepare the electorate rolls.
we kids still dream about perfection.
Institute for Reference Materials and Measurements
If this is an override-redirect window
Discard the current modified project ?
Failed to create pipe: %s
Bramhana Books (Discussion in prose about topics on rituals)
and they get trapped underneath in this container.
according to our constitution, those in office
looked at me and went,
12)Sanskrit is worlds most perfect language and all agree it.
what they really do is do a series of experiments.
because of its culture, its political values,
Indian web page of India (Multi-Indian languages)
Failed to get card information: %s
The cool night air will do me good .
File %s of %s at %sB/s
because absolute is, by definition, single,
And the permission comes hedged about with qualifiers.
section of Archanaolly Bachchan (1983)
where, if you should have a Ph.D. or a Master's,
the importance of what I'm going to say.
I first encountered this ordinary material, fishnet,
Use system keyboard (XKB) layout
By the time I step down from here
If you cannot chose your nationality,
is let you create a message or a video
Conditions successfully copied (some were skipped because they were duplicates)
Cannot get message %s from folder %s:
Unable to lock the list directory
To our great surprise they indeed were the Jarawas .
except imagine it doesn't say College Bakery,
I get all my clothes secondhand
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (film)
The ID of the last device selected
But, he is living in each and every one.
It is small-sized and produces small litters .
and please bring that man
What to Do if You Find a Change
when people watch magic tricks.
You're not RoboCop, and you're not Terminator,
and wonderful things like bananas and chocolate
after some days, subash babu was acquitted out of congress.
Little educated, done this. Surplus educated,
Instead artificial sweetners maybe used .
Insert a subtask in this task
- Vilhelm Ekelund, Poet (1880-1949)
Will I really be dead when they remove my organs?
- Thomas Paine (1737-1809), Writer and Political Thinker
This activity is going up to 10 years similarly 8%.
by the artist Michael Najjar,
List of Governors of Uttarakhand
Ask , he beams .
and with our mouth, our spit.
in the world today, there are basically two kinds.
that science is guaranteed to map this space,
, Dry Gain Size = %.0fdB
Provide the operating system install URL
To hide from himself .
If you are well-versed with inches, nine inches,
Detailed errors from the package manager follow:
hh:mm:ss + film frames (24 fps)
That is why millions of people doodle.
'Raavan-Raav Kavansu Kavan Ved Ko Rogi'.
Technology during World War II
a respectful and an impious way
Use the antialiased canvas (slower).
Compiler error, please submit this code to {0}
You want to guess who opened the door?
Command to invoke from the logout button
Before I could get back to U.S. soil,
Surdas died at 1480, at Parsauli village near Govardhan.
You, your child and the law.
Switching on the wireless hotspot will disconnect you from <b>%s</b>.
Official website of the Prime Ministers of India
that there was something happening here
Width of process 'Priority' column
Didn't understand ‘%s' (list must end with a ']')
This is four billion hours
Currently only the first {tier} tiers are playable.
He could hear the beating of his own heart .
Preparing to Move to “%B”
has shifted that man's mindset.
And there I got a gigantic one,
Copy (reflink/clone) is not supported or didn't work
there is unbelievable opportunity for innovation.
Maximum number of stored games in the player's game history:
Leave fullscreen mode and go back to windowed mode
By afternoon King Yudhistar killed him.
Use same default value across languages:
Disable Media Source API on %{VIDEOHTML} elements.
But we're not very good at it.
And there's a volcano behind,
five minutes feels like an hour.
Shajahan's grave is to the south of Mumtaz's grave.
Unable to locate theme engine in modulepath: “%s”,
Bogofilter either crashed or failed to process a mail message
because of the brilliance of the people -
Merge a selected slice with the next selected one
Test upgrade with a sandbox aufs overlay
nature is also the combination of this unit
So this is just like a crossword puzzle,
is linked to the fact
But there is nevertheless a clear distinction
The location of the file.
This was bad enough but even worse followed .
as well as looking good.
No biologists, for example, would dare suggest
Because feeling is close to reality.
Because no country works as slowly as we do
Are you sure you want to delete this account?
%s: Execution of PostLogin script returned > 0. Aborting.
Ganga is interwined with its many ancient stories.
{key} is already set to {action}.
vegetarians are beleived to be 7th food
your skill at acquiring a second language.
where people make one, two, three dollars a day
From Mumbai Asia's oldest newspaper Bombay is been published.
right into the middle of that
Category: People of West Bengal
3. Filling in the form
History of modern Hindi poems
went from the stadium to Hyderabad airport,
Execute the current search parameters
She walked out of the plane
One small glass of wine
India's cultural heritage is vary prosperous.
Hamachi version {0} is obsolete
The number of bytes read across the network
I just came back from speaking in Barcelona
Whether to use icon names fallback
I made him “The Uncle Phone.”
Set the specific profile to show
Because every time we've done this,
16 . What are you complaining about ?
'true' if the selection can have several items, 'false' otherwise
What does this all amount to?
They also achieved bodhi in few days.
Carefully , their is no importance in for getting Canada.
Not enough RAID partitions specified
Get the current time and date
to how to move in this space.
QTIF atom size too large (%d byte)
My mother and father had been saving money for years
full of incredible energy and intelligence.
Spatial chroma strength (default 3)
Copyright © 2006-2012 The Chromium Authors. All Rights Reserved.
Editing and greyed out Menus
and I ask her a question
Deciding which are critical to consumer safety.
makes it less likely to happen.
in the dentition, in the teeth,
Whether the background color is set
Error opening file for reading
“ Why do you want to know ?
he was the one I was thinking about.
Show/Hide the image gallery pane.
hindi and many other languages dictionary
the electrical activity can pass
Color packages by their status
When you have a non-stick pan,
Why are home - school agreements important ?
that the Internet not be broken.
They want to share the experience.
The main in these were Salafi and Dayobandi
CA: Preston, from your point of view,
Don't translate pages in this language
If you find drugs .
Do you want to remove these dead links?
I can't believe in the doctrines.
The actor that is being dragged
I need to tell you a little story,
And he knew that Egypt was in Africa .
%s: Can't init pipe to gdmchooser
Restart the file sync service
Next come the restricted holidays .
And so what happens is,
Preview the list of tasks to be printed
Sachin holds record for maximum number of runs- On BBC
how we really live best in dense environments.
on the banks of the rivers,
on this arcane science of carbon calculation to construct a
And so we need guidance and we need didactic learning.
that's what brought California out of the misery of 1850.
This name is too long
A wise man's actions speak for himself.
Now I think it's too easy.
There was an error displaying help: %s
For accessing Microsoft Exchange / OpenChange servers using MAPI
In 1635 A.D . Ferozshah Tughlak attacked Kangra .
the tumor growth, compared to only 9 percent in the
Petty manual tasks in the garden or some craft .
Every village in Africa now has a cyber cafe.
They are on the money side all the time.
And you know the reason why, of course.
where these basket-like objects look organic and woven,
This was more or less known.
“ What ' s wrong with it ?
Post of Sur-1(text of 40 more posts)(on Wiki source)
Extension through which to use the Open Graphics Library (OpenGL).
Your new Right to Manage
[Entrepreneurs can be anyone ...]
that thinks something along these lines:
Popular songs of childhood (1967)
Now, put yourself in their shoes.
The first step is to stretch the skin uniformly .
Reading folder permissions, please wait...
But Indian industry was still limited and narrow-based .
Display notification when the connection is lost
Dance India Dance Li'l Masters 2
The reason he called me Leonardo
A session named ‘%s' already exists
with which you could inflate a balloon.
rajabhai steeple is situated near Mumbai university.
I open up chapter eight talking about budgeting.
Outermost element in theme must be <metacitytheme> not <%s>
especially in our ethnically fragmented societies in Africa,
And all of that's great, and it's fine.
Veda is the root of Indian culture.
Central Institute of Tool Design
) / Append Record (
Learn How To Use The Work View
Golden Threshold was her first collection of poems.
And what meaning was derived in the sahaba.
For people on a low income
people who want to make decisions in their own lives.
is that it represents how a new generation
Disable synchronization of data with Google
massive versions of these same symbols.
with minute traces of tin.
The last ones were excavated around AD 650 .
Background color as a string
Coordinators go through this problems at different times.
And they want the washing machine.
and admire them all the time.
The compact view encountered an error.
All the webcam cameras have a microphone inside the camera.
getting covered in pollen that it takes somewhere else.
Angle in degrees (0 to 359)
He said that he wants to make Mumbai
Invalid return value from open_icon_for_read
Akbar appointed a governor in each of these states.
And what might one expect now ?
Among Poems Geeti kavy is the best
Import the selected photos into your library
Which country has the growth momentum?
but I still think that we learn who we are
Open a new project to modify keyboard shortcuts.
played a vital role in educating the political leadership .
Large White Yorkshire breed is white in colour .
3. Its has to recognize different political parties.
And you can see it
Didn't get stream file descriptor
we survive in more different environments,
That if I land this client once,
yet the curious thing is in these long houses,
National Museum of Natural History, New Delhi
” That is not an object .
he understood the guru, and be like his guru
Width of disk view 'Free' column
1 photo/video failed to import due to a camera error:
Okay, now, so here's what we're going to do.
about the size of a golf ball.
What can you do about it?
This town was established 800 years ago.
This is a $10,000 machine which was available in Mumbai.
What terrible thing did he know ?
Gujrat - Gujrat on National news - place
on Sukla dasami vijayadasami festival.
Act 324[1] is giving following powers to election commission
You must choose a date.
The filename suggested as default when saving
This is also the biggest monument of Delhi.
The icon of the menu item
didn't come from testing water;
Five or six boluses are passed at one time .
One is his insistence on partyless politics .
You are not allowed to import a survey!
A nasty thing happened three days later .
ships something to China to be put into an iPod,
So starting from a three-dimensional ping sound system,
Whether this tag affects underlining
even the lanes defined by red traffic cones.
the biggest exercise in democratic franchise in human history.
This new soft structural method
It would be, as Ed Felton once famously said,
Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize for Science and Technology
Gyaneshwari - Gyaneshwar Maharaj translated Geeta form Sanskrit to Marathi.
How many people here in this room
and fair, transparent economic development
File “%s” could not be opened
- Select from search results -
And one of them wrote: “Situation hopeless. Stop.
Open link in new tab
Retrieving message '%s' in %s
submit it to Reddit, and the community of your peers
Sorry, could not change the owner of “%s”: %s
It's almost as though either you accept the doctrine
Teaching and learning should bring joy.
And, with that, comes the third point,
This is two to five dollars, you have a bed.
that it can be shaped by people
Sign Changes - mean: %1.4f sd: (%1.4f)
his fans lovingly call him little master blaster.
Mr. & Mrs. Smith (2005 film)
Demo Mode Only: Uploading file is disabled in this system.
This responsibility is collective .
and the author is Al Gore.
and this is my drawing pen,
Export filesystem as readonly mount
Add or Remove Terminal Encodings
'š' is used 'sha' in modern Hindi
Open Link in New Window
like the iconic yellow ball -
we need to think a little differently.
because you cannot respect private property rights.
Happily , the film enraptured local audiences also .
If you allow the educational process to self-organize,
Can't send host identity confirmation
Depreciation in property value : compensation
According to this every branch is divided into two parts.
European Coal and Steel Community
List of political parties in Burma
Total: $1%{NUMBER_OF_SHEETS} $2%{SHEETS_LABEL} ($3%{NUMBER_OF_PAGES} $4%{PAGE_OR_PAGES_LABEL})
In New York, this is where it's distributed from:
This is what comes next.
Not in front pocket. I'm a back pocket man.
maybe he's still going to think I'm kind of cute.”
Amplitude of heads trembling (GMR-head) in running mode
You can't have everything. Where would you put it?
And here is the long-probosced fly
The central motif of Bharti's practice
You will restart %s with the %s locale.
constitutes a reach towards perfection is incredible.
added a gratuitous subtitle saying,
he's played 10,000 hours of video games,
Please enter a <b>name</b> for your drawer:
these kind of people in the future.
Cannot end process with pid %d: %s
And we are so close.
This variation is low in south, comparatively.
That's the kind of attention, the kind of consciousness,
but don't ignore what you've asked them to do.
into eight languages so far -
List of tallest buildings in the world
Trust the authenticity of this certificate
Enables additional keyboard shortcuts that are useful for debugging Chromium.
Incomplete hostname; end it with '/'
Are you sure you want to permanently delete “%B”?
responding to the rhythm of the dance
now has nothing to lose.
Error checking if SOPASSCRED is enabled for socket: %s
I used to teach people how to write computer programs
They expelled me in the Fifth . ”
Bear the points above in mind.
His father wasn't on the set.
Mohomod gajjni[971-1030] also declared himself as King.
And this man, Terry Jones:
It takes some people years and years … ”
Vouchers towards the cost of glasses or contact lenses
birth breathing - you know, that one?
nothing more, and often much less.
Name of officer dealing with your case :
Please fill in the following fields:
Color used to help distinguish accounts
Generating boot image on disk...
it's important that, if our feelings match reality,
what being an atheist means.
As an employee you have legal duties too .
the real part of veda mantra is called sanhita
Unmount the volume associated with this folder
Here's a short glimpse from those years.
Deny TCP connections to Xserver
Send him to Pakistan .
“ Take it with you . ”
We suppress it. You know, this is our policy.
My marriage wasn't going well,
Calibration is about to start
is one of these things that astronomers do -
I need to know whether you have enough . ”
So effectively, we went from womb to tomb.
Miya Tansen was the singer in Akbar's court.
There's two things you can do
and at the same time remain soft enough
in our democracy has not laid the basis
but let's also take a look at the story.
as a probe of the biological question:
Show icon in notification area
Paper and global written terrorism.
Ram made the base camp after crossing the river.
They took note of what was developing further north .
His talent spread all over the world after English translation.
Program class as used by the window manager
but I don't think it's like this.
Could not perform this operation.
The way I want to do this
A couple of years ago,
Copy the email address to the clipboard
It is a treasure of spiritualism, philosophy, knowledge-science and literature
They might worship from outside .
And so every few weeks teachers could sit down
A pointer to the pixel data of the pixbuf
is they're building these detectors
and literally shortened the length of the day.
Automatically connect to this network
<metacitysession> attribute seen but we already have the session ID
and where we are down into 1820,
Preserve job files (allow reprinting)
Style of bevel around the menubar
Some features may not work properly with your current server.
“ Why should I be cross ? ”
You know, the public policy will become
that thinks, “I can't believe in any of this stuff.
Anthropomorphic image of Islam has absolutely followed
India has many big rivers.
So I decided to go there.
There is no disc in “%s”.
“ Because they ' re like beasts .
Let me demonstrate how it works.
Network device required for %s install.
After explosion they started saying Inqlab zindabad.
“My God, what's wrong with me?
And then it is 40 feet deep.
clearly doesn't want you involved with the planning process,
Whether accelerated compositing should be enabled
again, look at how religions are spreading ideas.
He also demanded electricity and water for its inhabitants .
Gives video a warmer tone by applying sepia effect
The equality and generality view of Hindu
They don't have funding yet,
Educational initiatives like DIL and The Citizen Foundation
because there was no line in my income tax return
Many superstitious and uneducated Hindus also believes as such.
You have not selected a survey to browse.
and how the organization behaves?
And the disease was all over the world.
Wise men don't need advice. Fools won't take it.
Now he gets excited - that's excitement,
The current opacity value (0 fully transparent, 65535 fully opaque)
And something very interesting happened.
11. Kanak Vrindavan is a favourite tourist spot in jaipur.
that we should abolish this age-discriminatory word
the product that he's picking up,
Chrome OS is made possible by additional %{BEGIN_LINK_CROS_OSS}open source software%{END_LINK_CROS_OSS}.
Invalid password, please try again
My friend broke into another peal of laughter :
that couldn't possibly have been detected
and you should just follow and do what we say;
Probably I was too optimistic .
and what I was doing that day.
Contact SCODA for more details .
Keep using New Tab page
Stories of our Mahabharata(Television serial)
but eventually those tools will become ineffective,
about what they like and what they don't like.
Which IM module should be used
Save current changes and close editor
the air people, the wash people,
Their investigation for fraud related charges may be.
And when we first heard this result inside the Foundation,
Vishav Dharam Mahasabha (General Assembly of the World Religions).
He asked her to return his photograph .
I said, “No, I've got the best eduction.
The amount will be directly paid off your nursing .
In 2008, Cyclone Nargis devastated Myanmar.
or it may be like the Greek Kouros or Kórē,
Cannot get laptop panel brightness
Please enter the password for address book “%s”.
These settings are enforced by an extension.
sleep deprivation has become a virility symbol.
The help the person you care for needs
They continued their friendship life long.
Contrast Analysis (WCAG 2 compliance)
And, in the fall, I'm actually going to -
Be polite to all, but intimate with few.
We got a million people on the site already,
Bengal Engineering and Science University, Shibpur
So let me give you just a very quick tutorial
Write the changes to disk and configure encrypted volumes?
The end of science and scientific temper .
India's capital is New Delhi.
I believe that Africa has reached an inflection point
into areas of life that are not going too well.
set up emergency procedures ;
List of National Highways in India
“ Please - tame me ! ” he said .
How can I upgrade to the latest version of Ubuntu?
It's actually very basic stuff -
Update of Label Set failed
Digitally sign outgoing messages (by default)
The space between them is equal but wider .
we're going to make it white. OK?
%s: Could not write new authorization entry: %s
And hundreds of thousands of children, incidentally,
play movie in full screen mode
I have had classes that were so low,
Let's just look at something like, you know,
What are these languages ?
because the coal is such a wealthy resource,
Later they worked together in Moscow and China .
So we arrived with just our ladders
Error: basedir %s is not a directory, skipping.
The decision to immunise your child is never simple .
I've always liked to build stuff.
Toggle translucency of ambient buildings
Native Flickr interface for Android
Right from child hood Rama krishna was a great scholar.
They are gone- what song is left to sing ?
For example, meals should suit your dietary and religious needs.
They're waiting to be circumcised.
Invalid User Name or Password
to try to make the case.
Sync Error: Sign in Again...
of the greatest mountain of the center of the world
You know, I think that there's a big parallel
Show Details of this Group
“Can you give me some?”
practice:kuraan is not only about reading but understanding it too.
These customs are undergoing changes now .
both players are paid and the game is over -
Dragonflies are perhaps the most powerful winged hunters .
and an idea worth spreading.
look at the situation through fresh eyes
where there are six or seven languages spoken
That might be true, but it's not terribly relevant.
The 'ethos' of the school
are getting feedback from accelerometers
and it was only 2.5 percent of their GDP.
because it comes from the clouds,
about autonomous, flying beach balls.
the british troops charged those who took part in it
And that allows us to understand who's doing it well,
And it all depends on the ideas of this guy,
What to Do if You Find a Change
and clean it and filter it
Or if we go into the mountains of Tibet,
Category : Hindi poet of Farukhabad
there is always going to be
A web browser built for speed, simplicity, and security
YR: I used to read Spider-Man comics,
and this is my last post to my blog.
to follow the vicissitudes of the Dow Jones index.
And I felt the tears streaming down my face.
and at least share some things in common.
So this goes against the conventional wisdom
We observe the cells in a plate,
Please insert a rewritable disc holding data.
Why was permission required for Thackeray 's arrest ?
Authentication is required to get printers from %s
I didn't always love unintended consequences,
And usually the institutions -
Your council can tell you if you qualify .
but it also causes impotence.
“Why do we have to take pop's underwear back now?
Is this curve linear, spline interpolated, or free-form
Because of the resources, the skills,
High quality grayscale (auto-detect-paper type)
Of course, Africa is a continent full of catastrophes.
Export Bookmarks to HTML File...
Browser search engine for different dictionaries
The difference in climate before the advent of man.
Audacity could not write file: %s.
so he's trying to get them to stop updating.
carried out by a bunch of greedy despots
Prime minister is the head of the Parliament
he did not have to pass an English test.
Red is wrong, blue is right.
File names cannot contain '%c'
or sent into reactor buildings
Scale background image to fit the screen.
this could be the seeds of hope for our future.
There are three type of ministers.
We just did some pasting in Los Angeles
TRUE if page setup combos are embedded in GtkPrintDialog
Third phase 18th April 1948
S7 NEWS - Central on line news, in district broadcast.
“I already heard your mother. I think she's right.”
The idea there is, if I'm confused about a topic,
And we shouldn't behave as though it is known.
or the warriors in the Kaisut desert of Northern Kenya,
men (giver) support,men (giver) problems,men (giver) enjoyment
He was called as Shahanshah which mean King in Persian
Please contact your system administrator for help.
No scientists dispute this curve,
Ek Hazaaron Mein Meri Behna Hai
Category:States and territories of India-related lists
And in England, there's a pop singer.
Exit shell on upgrade or uninstall action performed
to questions of human flourishing,
It is , therefore , of genetic origin .
United States Declaration of Independence
He felt near tears , like a small boy .
is a kind of shadow of itself,
Create a shared new memo
About the mountain itself they have many traditions .
He'd been abused by somebody with a black cowboy hat.
This book will stay till the praly.
There are 3 groups in this: Judiciary, Executive, and management.
Stage 6 Full screen check
Failed to spawn the configuration server (gconfd): %s
Some tales are based on animal lore .
the idea that the Earth itself can only exist
So you really align them to wood,
-115.117.166.110 17.50, 12 May 2010 [UTC] Enter unorganized text here
things are negative, the feedback, before things become positive.
They've overtaken the U.S. as the world's biggest car market.
I won ' t force you … if … ”
no device found for connection '%s'
Big tanks were filled with that water.
The voice of the duck is very full .
Mumbai Police comes under the authority of State Home Ministry.
The productive margin in our government's search for revenue
and it's at scale, and it's creating opportunities.
Please close any other application using the camera.
Cannot copy messages to the Junk folder
a two-wheeler washing machine ...
my profession, the music profession doesn't see it that way.
OK. Hands up: anyone in the audience
Install updates automatically when running on battery power
Release file signed by unknown key (key id ${SUBST0})
Ignore schema defaults when reading values.
And you can understand that your mind
We can remember the past,
URLs to open on startup
Server's certificate cannot be checked.
There was a war going on, as you know.
Mrs. Kaushik Ki Paanch Bahuein
that exposure to English didn't improve their Mandarin.
I became immersed in the study
A Tale of Two Cities
“”Bhavaprakash“” mentions Sihi as Surdas's village of birth.
I'm a big part of a couple organizations globally
Find previous occurrence of the search string
Cannot find font node '%s'.
Rejsek ? <s> Really ?
IMAP server %s does not support %s authentication
That implies a lot of trust.
for roughly half of their math class.
should have the same type of light.
Error stating file '%s': %s
she was one of the greatest 50 women of India.
which is to go into the secondhand clothing markets,
Open all bookmarks in &new window
“ Why fifty ? ”
And then, if we put them back in the environment,
Over the last 30 years,
But none of that mattered to the alchemist .
are building real alternatives to the Taliban.
by simply maximizing their own flock
and selected storage (this may take a while)
We are increasingly in a landscape where media is global.
Symbolically, what the rabbis say is that at Passover,
Whether the widget can accept the input focus
The Dipavali is the main festival of Hindu family.
Now every person is entitled to freedom .
Unable to send data to child, invalid charset convertor
It must alternate between revolution and consideration .
This computer has ${OS} on it.
Sovereign and independent, but not its constituent sovereign and independent
Within the Empire , India played an autonomous role .
And it's kind of constrained by that circle.
Help with health costs see page 29.
The boy was astonished by what he saw inside .
Find your way out of the maze
This is a website operating in Moscow
Modify the lit LED for a Wacom tablet
Error writing to file descriptor: %s
NHS eye testes and vouchers for glasses
Would you like to send updated meeting information to participants?
Official apathy emboldened the thieves to strike again .
Display notification when a member leaves
We identify different living things in different ways .
as opposed to being understood,
for bad or for good.
this time it was a signal to run in harmony
- the GNOME session manager
Who this booklet is for
How to apply see page 30.
than previously achieved, on lower power,
These are our support methods:
and burns it at such a rate
Proceed to install crypto components despite insufficient memory?
The common colour of this breed is grey .
“ Go and sh … ”
Disk “%s” is already in use by another guest!
was that I loved money and I loved business
of setting up this technology here in India.
Access a unique identifier for this computer
He was reading the biography of Lenin before his hanging.
The distance the cursor should travel before starting to drag
and then empower, lead the change.
Short story of the Mahabharata
She's partially blind, her husband can't work,
Save this, then create another:
Your administrator recommends a specific value for this setting.
So I used to embark on these imaginary journeys
because this man knows how insensitive our government is.
So that's when China was mad.
I took it very literally,
The boy brought his horse closer .
“ Follow the omens . ”
The start of the story, where this means guy,
No usable audio plugin detected
Automatically restart scanning after item activation
Enable the experimental smooth scrolling implementation.
to leverage our common humanity.
at the end of the week -
gave me a lot of insight into animals.
Administrative divisions of the People's Republic of China
Delete the selection from the archive
Please wait a few moments...
Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance
In November they come from all over .
The Right Time for Braces
Unable to add message to summary: unknown reason
We consolidated them from 89 to 25 banks by requiring
You meet people that you like talking to.
Current URI index - starts from 1
International Alphabet of Sanskrit Transliteration
And if they have to pack it back,
because you do this, if anyone runs after money,
This culture has its roots in Vedaas & Puraanas.
Muslim scholars did not translate
traditionally, historically in Iran -
As such , they are not Parliamentary Committees .
and another 70 million dollars plus from all these franchises
we'll see that different neurons fire
Software running on your computer is incompatible with Chromium.
Unknown or unsupported transport ‘%s' for address ‘%s'
for chemical reactions to take place,
teaching his student, a six year-old girl,
so I let other people watch it.
Really move all photos and videos to the trash?
Writing of Mahabharath by God Ganesh listening to Hermit Vyasa.
Important places related to mahadevi .
- Ansel Adams (1902-1984), Photographer
Command to be executed to launch the editor:
Unable to get pending error:
Finished creating audio CD. Create another copy?
makki started with small faces.
Check for known conflicts with 3rd party modules.
in this case in the language Fortran,
but they're in the bipolar spectrum -
The hippocampus is formed of two sheets of cells,
This system will be automatically shut down in %d second.
the hospital administrators, the doctors, the nurses -
Still Shaun Pollock would not declare .
Whether to silence terminal bell
One phone with the touch screen facility. thumb
“Like, how lame is that?”
which has also been increasing,
In fact, when there was a wedding in our neighborhood,
And if so, how did they make arrangements?
where I gave a group of children -
The place where Muslims pray is called a Mosque.
It's been successful beyond our dreams.
Food cuisine of the western regions of India
I decided when I was asked to do this
it is very difficult to live under this government
in the two parts peepal and rabbit is shown
to recognise letters and words
What if from the women in Africa
We preserve our specimens in many different ways .
Committee Reports instil fear and respect in the administration .
but the home computer was for games.
“ I ' m listening .
we had taken our innovators,
So, any month you are healthy you pay them,
1 week in the future
But the extra bonuses that she gets
The perk seems destined to become taxable .
but let me try to explain it, maybe simplify it.
And they assemble, and they form these kinds of mechanisms.
List of airports by IATA code: P
was given a parking ticket.
three-and-a-half million news stories a year.
Targets: <s> By the year 2000 to:
Unable to initialize login system
If they are stuck , first :
Licencing and import policies were liberalised .
and bacon boys, who you can see has meat vision.
and a physical action backs up a philosophical idea.
Timeout in milliseconds for marking messages as seen.
And today I would like to share with you
Do not show known users in the login window
They have their countenance and their smell .
or the most impossible conflict,
We're going to be able to see a child's brain
Specify file containing saved configuration
Special situation of Jammu and Kashmir
We actually saw seals out of our car window,
Ikhtiyar Uddin Muhammad bin Bakhtiyar Khilji
The property ‘%s' is not writeable.
Stage 6 : Full system check
Failed to create a link for the URL “%s”
Pans the braille display to the left.
What sort of tenancy is it?
Khadse 's allegations are not without basis .
Neither party should incur heavy costs.
At first, Krishan approached Duryodhan as a messenger.
on asset recovery, trying to do what we can
When I learned, some years ago, that writers were expected
There were subdued voices in the hall behind him .
was put into an education camp.
Stereo 4-channel 4.1-channel 5.0-channel 5.1-channel AC3 Passthrough
“ Why do you want to know ? ”
that you're not sharing something
Continue without deleting; ignore the extra files this session
You did not supply a host to register to.
So I'm going to start with why we should.
Srimad Bhagavath Gita as it is- Prabhupada
Could not allocate %lu bytes to read file “%s”
I feel that there are some things
And she said, “What's the struggle?”
_Update the network list every %S _second
In America he established many branches of Ramakrishna mission
And then that's her over there.
Council estatesare usually managed by the local authority.
Exporting entire file as %s
Why do many people believe
And they had certain criteria to do it.
and the differences became more obvious.
she was married to Maharajah kumar Bhojrai of Udaipur
♫ My preacher said, ♫
I did not answer .
<small>Specifying an operating system is required for best performance</small>
We've graduated two classes of students to date.
Access the Bluetooth device “%{DEVICENAME}”.
Failed to link pad %s to %s
Show process 'status' column on startup
Jaypee University of Information Technology
reality is the outside world.
Temple in ancient Vedic times were not
HarivamshaRai Bachan (In Hindi literature)
Set selected image to be the new desktop background
because the news mostly depressed him.
But he was not against to any particular Magazine
The net not the type of multi-Eswarwadi can be said
There was a problem connecting to the CUPS server.
Disable remote connections to this computer
Show icon on system tray
Enable extended row background theming
The action of expressing love is often played before sex.
How do you introduce the concept of running
Whether to emit a beep when new messages arrive.
%{PRODUCTNAME} will restart in %{SECONDS} seconds.
However , no one may come out before midday .
Cannot start thread: error writing TLS.
List of spacecraft called Sputnik
Which is(Lodurva Jain Temple)attract the big number of pilgrimage yearly.
Or maybe even the two-dollar mouse gesture system
because, had it come from the south,
His spoon shook in his trembling , wrinkled fingers .
Show “Bcc” field when sending a mail message
This is our group, our main group of weavers.
Chuh Ssreniom the Task Force classified terrorism
Fluid discharge from the bullock's eye
Nawabs of Bengal and Murshidabad
Create a Search Folder for this subject
and suddenly I have more toys
FFmpeg post processing filter chains
Spyro: Year of the Dragon
It was essentially India being itself.
- Martin Luther King, Jr.
that people should be compassionate and give.”
Indian food is full of taste and wonderful smell
Do use the Wintab API [default]
The Evolution address book has quit unexpectedly.
wxWidgets could not open display. Exiting.
In fact, people were extremely frustrated.
Summarize, the word “so” is very important in communication;
Canada govt strictly follows above factors
Sleep timeout computer when on battery
Delete remote memo list “{0}”?
An error occurred while loading the archive.
Paragraph background color as a GdkColor
Always sign outgoing messages when using this account
Ancient chinese civilisation is one of the oldest civilisations
something I just can't even imagine.
or someone tells you that you're part of a prophecy,
and if you tickle us, do we not laugh?”
Wi-Fi network connection '%s' active: %s (%d%%)
The disinvestment that began in the 1960s
[%s:%u] Invalid resample method '%s'.
her husband karmvar bojraj udhayapur maharana sanga's son.
winning Stanford 2 million dollars.
“It will be as big as your house.”
and they found that, across space and time,
Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom
on his own site went very publicly berserk.
Shows translators of all language versions.
What else can you read?
User not local; will forward to <forward-path>
But today democracy has become a bottom-up process
and looked for male portraits.
You need to configure Hamachi before you can connect.
the mouse used to come with a ball inside,
manager of Internet censorship, in the world,
Now, it just shouldn't take these sorts of efforts
and I've never spoken about this ever, until now -
But when he didn't win, when he lost,
Whether authentication is required to access proxy server.
to avoid burdening those businesses with unnecessary regulation
It was a way of bringing small amounts of water
and the only thing that limits us
He raised himself on his elbows .
“Did you understand anything?” “No, nothing.”
China is probably the most successful
This language is used for spell checking
which doesn't mean passive action.
but in eight years of running Acumen fund,
Evolution CSV and Tab Importer
Some modules and remote dbus objects are missing.
List of Vice Presidents of India
and the end of our journey.
Quits Orca (if shell script used)
several different algorithms over the years.
Islam stresses upon the non - shaped state of God.
I developed a really simple scoring system for slaughter plants
Failed to decrypt the private key: %d.
Width of disk view 'Used' column
Split track for each silence
Zur the Atsly, make-up and cool Raso is mainly adopted
They told him of a great hero called Achilles,
for forelimb and hind limb,
Couldn't determine program size: {0}
The epic Mahabharat begins with the following sloka (poem):
Invalid UTF-8 in locale for schema
And distribute the sweet gift each other,meet each other.
And he was hanging out with all us younger guys.
Ethernet network connection '%s' active
One of my favorite parts
The Board also has powers for revision .
children are given feedback on their homework ; and
The intake of riboflavin is about two-thirds of RDA level.
Read the names of colors
.Gambhan: Onkar Joshi's Indian language word translator.(WYSWYG)
the United States has the same health than Chile.
and to a moment when we have information surplus.
Google Chrome does not support %{OSNAME}.
The purpose of our lives is to be happy.
And so I'm listening and I'm listening,
If we had UV eyes or X-ray eyes,
Opening the calendar. Please wait...
These relations had great political impact.
What a bloody life !
Show two pages at once
One who does dharam maitri
which we need in the future?
and that you will be “recreated
worldly and innovative people in the world.
%s through %s wishes to add to an existing task:
New cloud folder available: '%(folder_name)s' shared by %(other_user_name)s
Could not synchronize temporary folder %s: %s
Air-India is only a case in point .
Crack or freebase is cocaine that can be smoked.
Other literature epics inspired by Ramayan.
Icon to be shown for this item
and that is what they become.
%{APPNAME} is sharing your screen
Loaded theme “%s” in %g seconds
8) Pronunciation - special importance of language Sanskrit is pronunciation.
In modern Hindi “”So“” is pronouncsd fully as “”Siyo“”.
Because I was just 18
affect how much power is used
It has disappeared beneath his feet .
We sometimes hear it said
that we experience the flow of time
So the question I have for all of you here:
Save changes to project “{0}” before closing?
The coast line of city is filled with narrow Valley.
I'll tell you a little bit more about this.
out of cotton. It is working well.
So Subashbabu not accept this condition
This is the root of the clash of civilizations.
Aryans civilisation was called Vedic civilisation.
Virat and Drupad were captured by drona.
Always show unchecked items first
So here we are again.
Waiting for socket condition: %s
He said, “But I wanted to be a fireman.”
Search Folder based on Sender
because it makes us feel smart and responsible
A two came up .
Ignore Silence at Beginnings and Endings
The device has been calibrated successfully.
Signed by <i><key id='%s'/></i> on %s.
had bet him that he couldn't hit me.
And the reason is that tool use,
Example : In seepen [XML::RSS (Pearl),[megapi](PHP),[Rome](Java) etc.
For me they normally happen, these career crises,
Start Haguichi minimized in the notification area
Import search engines from default browser on first run
Support, Monument and the pillar
and then given primarily to people around Africa.
That Vajpayee looks so remote from today 's Vajpayee .
The American writer Alice Walker wrote this
There's a 10 percent differential
and was able to return home.
Wait for tomorrow and keep silent .
Central Electronics Engineering Research Institute
&Select all audio in project, if none selected
Be Firm but Consistent .
they all get to speak.
that substance they make from a different set of species
Needless and avoidable distress was caused to the family .
Display notification when the connection is lost
Import of label set(s) is completed.
So, we have the old, we have the young,
as a post-retirement project of Dr. V.
more women than men, actually, interestingly.
They point to the successes of aid:
Main Description : comprehensive story of Mahabharata
and we'd understand very well.
And the question I want to explore with you
but once they get through that concept,
Four observations, all derived from historical patterns, prompt this conclusion:
Thoughts in support of Parliamentary rule.
You will hear about it, and you will love it.
stepped forward in India In India
in predicting the correct symbol.
This page has been translated from%{ORIGINAL_LANGUAGE}to%{LANGUAGE_LANGUAGE}
with stories just like Justin.
But you can do that.
They only rely upon numbers and eyesight .
Windows Shares File System Service
Cut selected text to the clipboard
[No. The rewards are driving innovation ...]
This is a modest little app.
Understand that you live in the subjective truth,
Doubly used id : %d
Can't open stream from handle (Errcode: %d)
lived an average of almost 80 years.
it's an extraordinary piece of engineering.
Arrow scaling with regard to scroll button size
List of Governors of Chhattisgarh
Who can know it better than my son-in-law ? ”
On the steps, people do prays, offerings and meditations.
Tagore songs is his literature's apart for he wrote it.
Then there's another group, bigger group.
And if we defeat these, as I hope we do,
Basically all that means is that the democratic front page
rather than the most ecologically-responsible choice.
Nautilus has no installed viewer capable of displaying the folder.
Cut down on sweets , chips and soda .
Turn the light out ! ”
something very cold and distant and abstract like the universe
Please eject the disc and reload it.
AG: The answer to the question is hard for me
And since I study human decision making,
An error occurred when trying toggle whether SMART is enabled
Keyboard shortcut to switch to tab 12
then you would argue a strong government is necessary
just for the Carnival and the Knife.
they had no words .
Terribly sorry. I forgot the floor.
Where is there dignity unless there is honesty?
the fish was captured on a fishing trip.
Shake it again, and you get the British perspective.
are sharing your microbes with one another.
And this is an important moment,
In Devanagari there are 12 vowels and 34 consonants
Main gate (door) is a monument form
No.3 Your business and public development
then the robot pitches forward.
List of cities in Afghanistan
Hang with us. We're fetching your files.
But all the schools are solar-lit.
WHAT ARE THE OPTIONS ? 10
Her Sangam trip is personal . ”
“Why the World Isn't Flat” article, because
You say it long enough,
Then police started beating and injured them
Reset is a special image that cannot be deleted.
When to show the notification icon
We're made of cells and stuff between cells.
It gives a lot of impotance to Tourisim.
you are aged 60 or over
The preferred place to ellipsize the string
there are another 9 famous streams over here.
But again, then we have to talk about
Well , it ' s no wonder , these days.
between bending the crucifix out of shape
So I actually spend most of my “World 3.0” book
Intimacy is the entering difficulty one
I'm not feeling like opening my iPhone,
It is the flag of the country .
Yes indeed, the old man is there,
Asian horse rider - horse rider-rodeo
Antenatal Appointments at the Hospital
was always to look for the simplest,
Mobile telephone numbering in India
Could my partner and other children have hepatitis B ?
It also wants to see effective consumer representation .
for bees that might have lost their way.
Delete remote address book “{0}”?
saint kabir's couplets and poems
this is an unique combination of farsi,turk,indian&islamic art
We didn't have snow. We ate mangoes.
The recommendations of this Report are tempered by that.
High Energy Materials Research Laboratory
Stop tracking current activity when computer becomes idle
Wait another 30 seconds for hwclock to set the clock?
I was here to see the launch
List of districts of Pakistan
We don't know what's going on half the time,
The key is different than before
Moligeya Marayya was a close associate of Basava .
Access your tabs and browsing activity
Spare devices for the RAID${LEVEL} array:
in this first nazil quran is also known first
Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine
Thoughts of Great Persons About India [In English]
The one that's the most important
Reading the patches using the color measuring instrument.
Official website of Indian Prime Ministers [In English]
as I was gearing up
GB[ Default value for http]
Suddenly it all came very near , within reach .
So I classify the people into three:
and their parents who advocate for them,
Restrict sign-in to the following users:
He begs to be forgiven .
As Dhrutarahstra was blind by birth Pandu became the king.
People stopped littering. Crime rates dropped.
to move gracefully in an average breeze
Part of what we're finding with this
and maybe censors that natural curiosity,
a to-do list that automatically syncs with you.
Some smaller dams have also been constructed on other rivers.
that we can no more
how much variation is there between teachers,
It's just about being you and being cool with that.
Disable NTP 'Other devices' menu.
You need to configure Hamachi before you can connect.
who are the wealth-creating agents in any society?
All file operations have been successfully completed
0100 h 060 m 060 s+.75 frames
An interface must be selected
Number of units for determining a default reminder
WARNING: no <listtype> specified for schema of type list
Appointment of supreme court judge.
Whether the border should be shown
Because of this regime became further stronger.
Sonia visited Ali Mia at Nadwa .
No, otherwise the play would be over, stupid.
And this is all rooted in the mythological past,
Why the universe is angry.
Warning - Missing Aliased File(s)
for Kolkata - not for India, but for Kolkata.
The importance is what you do
What if you disagree with the statement ?
he strted saying “”RAm ram“”
to carry something that is two tons
Grandmother: I'm the Gingerbread Man.Children: I'm the Gingerbread Man.
for his or her brain to recover.
Could not parse the geometry spec passed to -geometry
And so here's what I found.
Usman, the official story is that
2012 Delhi gang rape case
Fifth part, Chapter 2, Parliament.
Network name may contain alphanumeric and '' characters only
It's been tried all over the world, and teachers
We're told what to wear -
Their way of dressing, language and cuisine are almost alike.
We thought the hitting-it-out-of-the-box number was 150,000 nets a year.
Where should I go for advice ?
or grafting inosculate matter into one contiguous, vascular system.
This supervised user will be managed by %{MANAGEREMAIL}.
to beat it back with my measuring stick.
One can say, “OK, what are we made of?”
Best works of Jaishankar Prasad
which is, I only wish for one thing.
of smiles on graduation stages,
than the cave paintings and cave engravings and cave sculptures
14 . Was your complaint made in writing ?
My job is just to keep her perfect -
List of rivers by length
And only by paying attention to these things
&Quick Help (in web browser)
Kalda wa Dirnna -LRB- p . 74 -RRB- .
Normal Proprietary Confidential Secret Top Secret For Your Eyes Only
All files in one partition (recommended for new users)
Failed to query info of a file %s: %s
What you see over here, this is the beautiful
In the city both G.S.M. and C.D.M.A. services are available.
But I also had grandfathers who died in refugee camps.
And the kids soon learn
and the shape of this part is changeable
And China was emitting 0.6,
you don't even know you have a model.
Even if I ' m thinking about other things .
And I was part of that.
Hindi to Punjabi Alipyantaran / Translation (Punjabi Aviaswavidyaly, Patiala)
You know, that passion for what they're doing.
tens of thousands of patients to date,
Each was a blow to conservatism .
“”They all work in the form of spammers..
Click here to search across all notebooks
for the top of their birthday cake.
So my art became slightly more critical.
Please check your email at %{BEGIN_BOLD}%{MANAGER_EMAIL}%{END_BOLD} for further instructions.
total CO 2 </by> emission
The G8 nations have been incredibly generous on polio
These are all the tools that we need.
Use an existing iCalendar (ics) file
The result of the operation is {0:##0.###}.
Upanishad, are the four parts.
That's why I cofounded SOLA,
but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Failed to delete old file ‘%s': %s
This is a hand-lettered sign
So we can actually see in real time
pause - give her time to work it out ;
Permanently remove all the deleted messages from all accounts
The Red Badge of Courage
Enable thumbnailing of PDF Documents
Royal coat of arms of the United Kingdom
than what I have asked them to do.”
External program to use for editing images
for you to try to reset
enables me to model these
seeing stuff that makes real change
camouflage worn by bullies who are dangerously armed
Kak bhusundi told this story to garuda
so they all sat around making friends with each other.
Whether or not the status icon is embedded
Error writing to unix: %s
I found a girl, I settled down -
Every city determines to a very large extent
and we must rise with the occasion.”
Whether line background color is set
TD: So, every one of you who has come here
Armstrong. Then Tenzing [and] Hillary, in Everest,
Given such patterns, here was our idea.
If set to true, then OpenType fonts will be thumbnailed.
“”Nehru“” molded himself according to the pedagogies of “”Mahatma Gandhi“”.
National Institute of Oceanography, India
Expand the window to fill the screen
* Google Profile photo (loading)
how well she would score
that there was a terrible time in history
Unfortunately , no agreement or settlement was possible .
The voice says, “Go away.”
List of central business districts
That (Which) makes this source attractive.
Number of attribute fields to add:
Your video driver doesn't support the requested video format.
Access documents, folders and network places
“ You have helped me . ”
Create a new document in a new tab
“%s” is not a valid value for state attribute
Search for a printer driver to download
And we're going to fly around, and we'll fly around,
He started a new method of writing about his ideals.
Prayer- This is also called as namaz in india.
to think about. Theoretically, it makes it
The following plugins are currently enabled:
Unable to create temporary file
Hence you have this fast-shifting scenario .
1994 Italian Open - Men's Singles
Now these studies are scientifically valid,
which was a problem in Europe at the time -
Akbar's Coronation took place on 14 February 1556.
Wikipedia:Categories for discussion/Log/2011 September 15
An encrypted circuit board inside the mobile telphone.
which are not as onerous as they are today.
Show Haguichi in the notification area
This is a concept which I introduced
The bonus is that you can find wildlife around it.
to build it that lightweight
Change the caching for the media
Been a lone parent for those 26 weeks ?
The file %s has been modified since reading it
In Sahityalahi, Soor's proses of vision are compiled.
Durupada and Drona were friends in childhood.
Higher quality calibration requires many color samples and more time.
That's the movement at the moment I'm driving,
Media player is low in power (%.0f%%)
What do you think will happen next ?
to subsidiaries of Shell and the Italian Eni,
In the ancient times, this used to be a
the rate of change, how fast they have gone.
There are totally 11 of it.
I'm an ecologist, and I study complexity. I love complexity.
After the marriage of Ram King Dasaradh wish his coronation.
What I will give you is an Indian answer,
Take him up to bed …
One or more of the primaries is unlikely
what if that could be -
Delete the list of recently used documents
and we live in one world.
So all these experiments you've seen thus far,
We have no excuse in this country. I'm sorry.
Dasbabu himself became mayor of Kolkata.
They're so evil, they're so mean -
So how does a place cell know
and covered the entire border.
its advantages -1. it dose not look like law school
it means that there are plenty of opportunities to invest
Jawaharlal and Motilal Nehru abandoned western clothes and expensive property
The image could not be loaded.
The opportunity rose and the youngster just tried it .
Unable to find supported ssh command
Resize the canvas automatically on file load
Permission to create/update/delete/import/export token entries
Under melodious emotions, Gopi's fun and frolic is the main.
Forgiveness is the sweetest revenge.
It's a great cricket cap.
would I stop him from entering my British University?
And those applications let us use our hands
I'm going to check my device.”
that I should really seriously consider getting some protection.
Always wear gloves when gardening.
Error: Invalid Value for max_input_line
Whether background images should be drawn during printing
Set the directory where to store temporary files
RNA interference only a few years ago,
but Gandhiji did not agree to anybody's suggestion for this.
On this building here is a semi spherical structure.
Could not delete user. User was not supplied.
we think that this baby's thinking
Unknown error attempting to verify Shotwell's database: %s
We shall call them the necesyaria .
1st time limit warning message timer
To accept that even all wordly things are transient
All these things are important for development,
The Greens - The Green Alternative
Query OK, %ld row affected
Enter name of new shopping list
because they are bored ;
Native Client hardware exception handling
If the user is authorized to suspend the computer.
“%s” did not behave properly
CO 2 tons per person per year :
Level beyond which the message should be logged.
List of airports by IATA code: V
Unfortunately, he was smitten in more ways than one,
Gallery of country coats of arms
the VPN service failed to start
Error getting value for '%s': %s
This scriptures are of the persian fidelity|
India's constitution is largest written constitution in the world.
It's a 40-year-old company, it understands manufacturing.
“ Good morning , ” he said courteously .
An organizer must be set.
Phone no : 0114 259 4071
List of districts of Uttarakhand
The procedure for dealing with these is slightly different .
Hind Swaraj or Indian Home Rule
is [to] imagine a city like Paris,
to keep our species above banana slugs.
You can't do a thing about it.
to try and address this problem with an experiment,
we are down to three or four conflicts -
And now, if you see more about the cost-effectiveness:
The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers
how the brain makes decisions,
HOW CAN YOU CATCH TB?
Our exchange rate that used to fluctuate all the time
Crosses of these breeds are also very popular .
And next time it's going to be vibration.”
whose job it was to design and implement new software
which was distributing subsidized iron tablets.
You want to laugh, but you don't know -
Save a copy of document “%s” before closing?
To get to the system menus press the alt+f1 key.
International Union for Conservation of Nature
which really make an impact on India.
In this way, Malwa had control of Pratapgarh,Zhalawad and Tonk.
document selected to cursor position
Delete cookies and other site data
ALLEN WEINGARTEN Morristown, New Jersey
Do not check for updates when starting
Action on title bar right-click
The VPN connection '%s' disconnected.
List of plugins separated by ','
The old man said nothing .
Life Story of Amitabh Bachchan
The social life of family
Silence filled the old house .
On ${AbbrevWeekdayName}, ${Year}-${Month}-${Day} at ${24Hour}:${Minute} ${TimeZone}, ${Sender} wrote:
people who will be able to scale them up.
An Instant Messaging client for GNOME
Do you want to improve it?
Suppose you're the cosmic designer.
before this there was only religious education.
different idatas found for symlinked '%s' and '%s'
Failed to rename the registry key '%s' to '%s'.
that transformed the lone nut into a leader.
iii forfeiture of property ;
Right now there are 48 hours of video
This can be the school they already go to .
that it was very important
Smiling is one of the most basic, biologically-uniform
thousand of pilots. Airplanes were invented by natural selection.
Best Value in Housing bvh@detr.gov.uk
M.T.N.L. and Tata provides broadband service here.
We call it patient capital.
All people have a map
HP Linux Imaging and Printing (HPLIP)
Can not suspend thread %lu
the mother of all other language is sanskrit
spell words correctly and write clearly
And in 2003, the government of Ethiopia
The Legend of Spyro: A New Beginning
by the government not very many months ago.
www.sristi.org - this tribal person,
given that, even though it's a very serious cause,
The tool to convert Devanagari to Urdu (online)
Verses of Khuran in Hindi
that if there is anything worth celebrating about India,
Rulings between rows and columns
Error while accessing shopping lists.
Show question group name and/or description
It is attacked by parasitic mites and nematode worms .
All %s occurrences will be replaced with actual link
I think there's something poetic here.
We fixed the pricing, taking into account
“ But we must wait , ” I said .
You must specify a title for your entry
You can rehearse a wedding but not a marriage.
Its neighboring countries are Uttaranchal,Himachal pradesh,Haryana,Delhi,Rajasthan,Madhya pradesh, Chattisgad,Jharkhand,Bihar,
Okay, that was kind of cool.
Separate layout for each window
of robots that you can buy off the shelf.
Name <s> Email Address (optional) <s> Title of Comments
List of current Indian chief ministers
why would you need to stuff it into your head?
In Shatpath Brahman(14.3.3.13)the Puraanvaanmaya even called as Veda.
Two things: One, I never had sex.
India has closed the gap
2001 Monte Carlo Masters - Singles
who believe that mythologically they came up the milk river
and wondering what anyone could do?
It is usually divided into four parts.
Witness (Ashahadah) - The literal meaning of testify
Change account settings and status
This year they have received only six centimeters.
And here we have high-income countries in the OECD.
The boy felt ill and terribly alone .
Set up or manage printers in %{CLOUD_PRINT_NAME}
we raised this 50,000 sq. ft. lace net.
And it turned out to be shame.
No message with UID %s
you would have made a poor prediction
He told the experimenter to do this,
What does the Muslim League stand for ?
is very different than in the normal public schools.
The disc is not supported
Create and copy CDs and DVDs
The “%s” user already exists in the exclude list.
I got an educational impossibility, zero to 30 percent
Goes to the last live region which made an announcement.
Kill switch enabled on ${iface}
Several well-known names figure in the alumni list .
the hope is by linking enough positive things
Pulley system was used to bring river water.
Hindi Editor and Orthography Auditor
The ring leaders of sikondor's military distributedSikondor's kingdom among themselves.
More than 46 century in One day International competitions.
not by reading, but by addressing your mind.
You know, my work is inspired
Please drag just one image to set a custom icon.
Continued on the next page
APRIL 25-27 : CARA inspects Hyderabad 's placement agencies .
He was very happy to meet them .
Numbering after File name prefix
In this site we refer to 'your child' .
that, when students come to us from abroad,
He was america's 1st black(afiraco-american) persident.
Jodha-Akbar (Film) is the story of Akbar's rise.
Suburban areas, the soil is lumpy most Alyuvieal And
Unable to convert characters from %s to %s.
during the Rolex 24 racing event.
I'm going to ask you to take the photos
alcohol in moderation, stress management
You'll hear more and more about it.
And that's a new way of looking at luxury goods.
Clinical trials still need to be carried out .
generates energy from the shocks on the road.
Do not overwrite newer files
Could not load Wi-Fi security user interface.
Who is the chief coach here ? ”
-Training for a professional or specialist qualification 5 43
Please download Hamachi and follow the installation instructions.
Saint Kabir (in Hindi Bower)
without belief in the spirit.
you can't have a good theory.
And I want to remind you
<b>%s</b> has published the following memo:
This is 26th, that's 27th.”
Could not load file: “%s”
And I have four observations
Failed to init the UI: %s
Show menu item to exclude folders from media scan.
But a thought came to reassure him :
These slums too are becoming a tourist attraction.
Whether images should be shown on buttons
in order to be who they were,
Windows Western European (CP 1252)
Please enter the nickname you want to use.
No registered source can handle URI %s
Move window to north (top) side of screen
Even the hardcore in the green movement
Error reading data from cache.
but yeah, it has. It has liberated us
What repairs can you get done?
and “The Book of Awesome” has now been
Timings will not be saved.
And just a couple weeks ago,
%s: Could not read Manufacturer ID
Default zoom level used by the icon view.
Friends, you will hear a lot about it.
Leonardo was a man that drew everything around him.
actually a bunch of interesting things happened.
Rashidun Khalifa and the Eclipse war
But that damned Čepek wasn ' t having any .
Search for network printers or filter result
This survey is not active, data entry is not allowed
both a known text and an unknown text.
And then my question became,
And I said, “Well, I'm not sure.”
And if our fates are intertwined
of the Chinese economic growth.
Shows the line ending character
some time going back, trying to see the first mention
Running in valgrind mode: %s
Original location of file before moved to the Trash
Couldn't open path file ‘%s': %s
This was built by Akbar in 1565 AD.
DJVU document has incorrect format
who is the smartest physicist around,
topic:companion for walk(1968) and my family(1972 and 1983)
Its job is to recreate the conditions
Find services in the Chrome Web Store
Show statistics of this question in the public statistics page
Camel can close his nostrils during sandstorms .
Occurrences when an extension was installed
You'll see advertising posters and place names .
Your life will have new meaning.
They might have been able to do it earlier.
We drive up the street here,
Client address to return in response to xdm
We need to ask ourselves why .
It has the same lotus shape construction and Kirit Kalash.
5 . Look and listen again
and you have an entirely different story.
I was also an early writer.
only three options on the cellphone.
Small groups about 20 minutes guided reading or writing
that she had breast cancer, just 39 years old,
And this is what transformed.
Hussain Raji died in this war.
are lower than they are in Sweden.
Failed to send a message
We feel compelled to tell them.
1. Eshwar his one name
Could not save to autosave file “{0}”.
which is in the shape of a teddy bear,
Printing page %d of %d...
But the conversation they're having now -
or maybe you can write a query, saying,
viii cases of sexual intercourse with immoral women ;
the paragraphed mantras has beenin poetry
Where to get help and advice
Use custom default terminal size
who have the ability to confront the complex problems,
Notify the user for completed updates
And the key to this
Easy it is when it is read to remember
Indore News [A - Unicoded]
and we played it virtually every day.
very, very far away from the Indus Valley.
some controlled trials of their products.
You must be authenticated to query all calendars.
to actually change my career -
I ' m interested only in the present .
A fast and lightweight IDE using GTK2
Ikhtiyar Uddin Muhammad bin Bakhtiyar Khilji
This survey does not seem to exist.
Thank you. Thank you very much.
The second A is awareness.
wherever they moved in the room.
CA: Blaise, that is truly incredible. Congratulations.
(Laughter) - graduated high school, college, post-graduate degrees,
That's soft power. And that is what India is developing
The location is not a folder.
Many Kings tried to shoot the fish but were unsuccessful.
It is , however , of more ascetic order .
Mumbai South Central (Lok Sabha constituency)
The GtkSourceView bound to the completion
I suppose it is, so I won't say revolution -
algorithms locked in loops with each other,
Failed to create temp file: %s
You , your child and the law .
The icon view encountered an error.
started this new system in their own country.
in which cooperation, collective action and complex interdependencies
So, this is some of the early feasibility experiments.
that are extremely controlled environments,
Developement for information and communication
He is subject of worship and devotion.
Survey could not be updated
%s of UPS backup power remaining
Use hardware acceleration when available
And that's a very plausible idea.
Could not update out-of-office state
So this is change happening.
Draupadi: Drupad's daughter who came from fire|
here's a video built by Clarified Networks,
for understanding our place in the world.
Learn how to tell the time
Your respect is like a sea, Save me.
compensate on the basis of their annual performance,
and we're not just consumers of government,
The boy trusted his new friend .
Toggles the silencing of speech.
2. Monsoon session starts in between July and August.
This page is tracking your location.
We are more than happy with her performance . ”
%s: Unable to parse input line '%s'
while I was in the room with Sheila,
ultimately derives its power from us -
Deinterlace method to use for local playback.
must consider yourself a global soul,
Duration of work before forcing a break
and we've sort of cobbled it together
around every single star it looks at.
It started on 10th July , 1929 .
cannot add keys to a 'list-of' schema
The great success story of India,
Well, since I'm not seeing the hand,
The moral police could ask for proof any time .
Show visual feedback (asterisks) in the password entry
And I try and I made it.
Her poems were publishing in different newspaper and magazines.
Central Time - central Nunavut
'%s' is probably a binary buffer.
World's busiest airports by aircraft movements
So yeah, I'm a newspaper cartoonist -
Three sides, such steps, on the fourth side
Sukla-bhumi , the bright earth .
nothing else but human capital.
But he sensed that she was not deceived .
if you've seen any for our Bollywood films,
The email address is: baadmin@baadmin.demon.co.uk
barnawat(present barnava)established lakshagrah preserved signs.
Mrityudaata is the film is commitment one for all
to differences in the well being of conscious creatures,
” No , no , no !
Keep the original aspect ratio when resizing mosaic elements.
That ' s good , thought the Englishman .
The short story of Mahabhar.
I think we are obsessed with getting people to college,
Your New Right to Repair
Not a valid icon cache: %s
WARNING: Failed to parse float value ‘%s'
the opposite is also true.
… will also be shot …
Only for name sake this Provinces was under Abbaskingdom.
The passphrases do not match.
We don't want oratory anymore,
Methane producing waste materials in landfill.
of the germ theory of disease.
Please fill out this field.
He didn ' t understand .
at every level of government.
that it doesn't really make sense.
I really do mean different ways of being.
1 Form a HACCP team .
And there are no tests.
as a result of authenticity,
81% population of Nepal follow Hindu religion.
1 to 2 hours a day
Ram is supposed to be born in Treta yuga(era)
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
Learning new ham message in '%s'
The device's active connection disappeared
with this kind of algorithmic efficiency.
If you can't install Ubuntu, don't despair!
Create a clone based on:
and as the last TED Prize winner said,
Hare Rama Hare Krishna (1971 film)
Her thoughtful literature are very good just like her poetry.
“ The invaders carried the name everywhere . ”
'%s' is not a valid Perl regular expression.
You may not import keys with this cipher
turned it on and left it there.
Wikipedia:Categories for discussion/Log/2011 September 15
Choose Original File for '%s'
How could they go on ?
The genocide happened in 1994,
So, welcome to the Golden Desert.
In other words, they were all speaking like James Tooley.
there must be clear health and safety guidelines
.This style is the best in color, looks & expressions.
He wasn ' t asking for help .
for much longer than the babies of any other species.
Agriculture grew at better than eight percent.
It occupies 1/6th of the total city space.
he has created many records.
specifically equipped to address that particular question.
You can take it really, really far.
You are only happy if you whistle
Coat of arms of Quebec
is rather to have sort of blue hazy smoke
An invalid three-wheeler supplied by the DSS
a staggering 200 million people.
Swami Vivekananda's commentaries (Hindi Wiki pedia)
Converts a meeting to an appointment
Remove any schema name applied to the given keys
Vallabhacharya propogated and spread Pushtimarg.
is measuring the pennis affects the sexual intercourse?
Predict network actions to improve page load performance
It is bluntly, and not just laughing jest.
all at once, every half hour,
Do you really want to delete the savegame '{name}'?
that change as we do our thinking.
%d file can be added (%s)
Check new messages for Junk contents
Many seasons and festivals are directly related to river Ganga.
Decrease time speed (a little)
“ Minister of - of Justice ! ”
An Anti-Social Behaviour Order lasts at least two years.
After all, children's books are manuals on parenting,
Play a sound for outgoing messages
Use %A for address and %N for nickname
50 billion dollars in increased aid to Africa,
Only the buyer has the statutory rights described earlier .
The Meaning of “”Dipawali“” is String of Lamps(deep).
He had told his advisers, “Get me all the scholars
Unexpected error while creating volume group
Many meetings were held and many tributes were paid .
Names of the Republic of India in its official languages
despite and even in the face of daunting opposition.
living on less than one dollar a day.
crumpets and toasted muffins <s> low sugar breakfast cereals, e.g.
Search your and your friends' Flickr photos
Make Google Chrome the default browser
you can find out in two minutes?
A team consists of 11 players.
And I realized New Yorkers don't hold hands;
Mining conditions were generally very favourable .
If what we're interested in is regional stability,
When he increases similarity between men
So he did what any good developer would do,
Hide under the sofa .
do something different when talking about morality -
when we began to invest more resources,
Move window to workspace 4
and summoned the courage, through a lot of tears,
I and my partner saved hers.
and they do incredible marketing.
And it is again, linked to something nice.
2. It give origin to non constitutional centers of power
The virtual interface is now being created.
And there are only seven of them.
Please enter the new password for this network.
can yield tremendous results someplace else.
Only check for Junk messages in the INBOX folder
Snow White and the Huntsman
Change desktop appearance and behavior, get help, or log out
PPP service failed to start
Use OI About to show license information
the astonishing beauty of the gates leaves the people awestruck.
Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period
your mathematicians, your software engineers,
Those countries are, Nepal, India, Bhutan, Tibet, Afganistan and Pakistan.
Perhaps it is not possible .
Move the selected folders out of the trash to “%s”
shouldn't be the human family's heirloom.
I see religion being manipulated.
to tell you what he thinks,
Show display reminders in notification tray
Show all tracks in this music source
Change the password for Exchange account
The islands thus changed hands twice without a fight .
He had eyes even on Queen of Godwana.
Corruption in that sector, no surprise.
Select xml file to export presets into
The VPN connection '%s' disconnected because the VPN service stopped.
or information that may exist somewhere
Tajmahal and others are examples of beautiful Islamic sculpture.
Set your keyboard accessibility preferences
the four brothers had two sons each
But belief is not measurable.
%d. route has invalid prefix
PM: I'm trying to make this more available to people
Training for a professional or specialist qualification
Go back to previous page
If you can't get absolute silence,
New philosophies and Gods emerged.
When each of you in this room were born,
InfiniBand device does not support connected mode
is that it has distorted the structure of incentives
Do not be afraid to test the goods .
John Strutt, 3rd Baron Rayleigh
Girl: Are you ready? Audience: Yes!
front page of Dainik Jagran
It is ourselves we are healing.
Pointer to FTP site (%s)
Meat, fish and egg is also eaten.
I'm going to show you these two teas,
An estimate of the percent completion for a document load
But the Company concentrated on meeting the war needs .
error initiating conversation with authentication system - %s
And Tasneem Siddiqui, who developed a way
economic growth is about change -
Error parsing introspection XML: %s
The abduction of Sita (painter: Ravi Verma)
National Treasure: Book of Secrets
White Sun of the Desert
Rajasthan state assembly elections, 2008
Speaks the current flat review object.
I really like looking at old churches.
Every week, the man would bring bread with raisins,
Simultaneously-and paradoxically-he projected himself as the second Mandal messiah .
He always called himself servant of the poor.
It's not necessary to tell you how important it is
Whether to allow universal access from file URIs
He was born there in 1924.
The date format that is used for the timestamp.
Govind Ballabh Pant Engineering College
It should not have happened so soon .
Unexpected character data on line %d char %d
We'll give them a paper test -
You can stay with me for 20 years, go tomorrow.
Fax no: 0114 259 6668
But there may be problem by these changes
The first batch will be graduating this year .
“Okay, Josh, why don't we give you some -
This program is blocking log out.
Based on your late husband's NI contributions
You can notice the small holes
you are a lone parent
We had a lot that got us excited.
1791 Comte de Sivrac's Celerifere
In order to solve these puzzles effectively,
It will not affect your sex life or your fertility.
Sort the pictures into the order that tells the story
Four brothers got two two sons
What happens if I get into rent arrears?
After release , he joined the Indian National Congress .
<b>New elementary OS release '%s' is available</b>
In Shiv 'mythological story, poem sentences are about 24,000 numbers
is the moment that encapsulates
Well you know that situation
Adding client to server's list failed, CORBA error: %s
View/ReplyTo menu item is checked
The people will not accept.
They depend on their moms
of so many disabilities in children.
So the idea came to me
Nobody ever comes in here .
Error looking up p2plink for album %s on jamendo.com
Here's one example: Neuro drinks,
The type of the file.
An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory.
dedicated to building, yet only breaks me down.
it's not for the convenience of the teacher.
Eat plenty of foods rich in starch and fibre;
Save current document with a different filename
International Center for Tzfat Kabbalah
and they came to the United States
Yet there were doubts .
Who are the partners ?
You are required to change your password immediately (root enforced)
These websites won't prompt any integration options
All channels when any %s window is active
The Bihar Governor promulgated 256 ordinances during 1967-1981 .
Every single Google search you type
Select file(s) for batch processing...
Maine Gandhi Ko Nahin Mara
This file was blocked by anti-virus software.
They can grow so big, blocking all daylight,
We make these trade-offs again and again
And I think there are really three things
In favor of Hindi in Mobile Phone
need more resources and need our help.
was a little kid in that wonderful renaissance of aviation.
sachin has scored most runs of his career against Australia
Hindi Editor and Spell Checker
Do not create links on notes
And millions and millions of students
Know what is normal for you .
along these dimensions actually were.
You've got Bollywood. My attitude to Bollywood is best summarized
Akbar's reign significantly influenced art and culture in the country.
The boy awoke before dawn .
It merely roused envy and unbelief .
his means started from affection
Being overweight and underweight is not healthy.
Magnifier extends outside of screen
“that male lust is not to be trusted.”
So what happened on this day?
Sachidanand Sinha -LRB- 3 February 1921 -RRB-
Color scheme used in the Kate text editor
Whole class about 15 minutes word work , sentence work
These young future leaders are beginning to understand
Could not load IPv4 user interface.
Inscribed on Shahjahan's tomb is.
Invalid regular expression '%s': %s
Could not open cache directory:
when it first came into the English language -
said this, “Nothing is so dangerous
[ On this planet ]
Gambhan : Hindi language word-processor of Onkar Joshi(WYSWYG).
is to look at childhood deaths.
In AD 1511 , William Finch writes :
Ultimate truth, the Almighty and Sarwajrञan
It looks like a beautiful photograph.
He also warned Pakistan to prevent further intrusions .
Unable to read from '%s' Details: %s
That's a totally different world.
What can damage accumulate in?
Charlie Simpson helped to raise
and asked them to speak into it.
Buddh and Dance house (1958)
Display options for Brasero media library
That we responded in 2005 and 2006
Clinics are listed in telephone directories .
I ran a center at Harvard
Move window to workspace 7
Could not extract the item
Eligibility for a training and work experience permit 2 7
And I think I was drawing,
Go home to your husband - what does he need?
we require a certain workforce.
A -RRB- on their backs or ;
And he gave me a sad smile .
Select one or more files
Enable experimental VP9 playback in the video element.
and this is a beautiful exercise.
In shortyagya four college of Ritvik.
Sanskrit a classical language of India
I tried to call deep on my courage.
Abhimanyu:plucky son of Arjun,which is got martyr in Kurushetra war.
we can share those stories as never before,
regardless of all the details.
So what's the solution? It's not my job.
Trade and industry takes 43 billion.
” The oasis is neutral ground .
The temperature is usually below normal .
Failed to get IOR for client: %s
Bachhan took two times M.A degree.
International Ramayana Institute, North America
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone
into safe, affordable community housing.
And as valuable as that is in Los Altos,
is the Dharavi slum of Mumbai
is that these neurons also show symptoms of the disease.
Nuclear Power Corporation of India
It is ourselves we are helping.
was a little bit of an oversimplification.
Cannot parse double value '%s' for %s
Quran Hindi; Arabic and Hindi translation of Quran
More lorries , more whistles .
Icon '%s' not present in theme
A software update is available.
Goes to next heading at level %d.
Additions or subtractions of pixels on the peak width.
Another application I want to show you -
And language is actually a problem here.
Selected plan APN (Access Point Name):
Please connect to the Internet to proceed.
The town was handed over to Sikhs by Mogal ministers
Number of spare devices for the RAID${LEVEL} array:
Whether to allow multiple items to be selected
We set up a no-fly zone within 48 hours
LFO start phase in degrees
in the homeland of the Penan -
Cannot find the host “%s”. Perhaps you have mistyped it.
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
Go to the next page
that camel is a ship of desert.
And I thought I'd start a Barefoot College -
932 sq. k.m. long part is situated in south-central Nepal.
I remember walking around on my first day in Guadalajara,
The unwelcome intruder had suddenly become an interesting visitor .
but also a feminine story.
talk about TV programmes .
and to have their photo in the community.
The symptom “%s” is not known.
But there is something more to the story .
and the audience defines the popularity.
that cannot be returned with food -
Here some old stories related to Taj Mahal.
This is 1500 years old, can be verified by scientists
The power of distribution of their subjects is with center.
are now covered by transparency laws. Two thirds.
He said, “He was in a car wreck,
Do you want to correct this now?
Washington University in St. Louis
the first time it was thousands of people
No citizen of Barcelona is a painter
the Japanese government on their whaling campaign.
You've got to tell them something a lot more specific.
Default height of the message window.
This page has insecure content.
1) list hazards <s> 2) identify controls
Let this be my last word . ”
in 1983, it was announced as a world heritage site.
This is a very high mobility robot
1. Implementing, removing and controlling anykind of tax
the rain came down black,
And Chester Carlson, the inventor,
URL for the radar map
And they require that a third of that food
and explained them and the whole thing.
So what we did is we took a data system
List of free software project directories
I'd taught the whole lesson wrong. (Laughter)
Bear the points above in mind .
and stood there with the photos
It means challenging what we take for granted,
Select your ship and approach the coast via right-click.
I saw no reason to make it private,
So when I found a cheap camera on the subway,
the publisher of Skeptic magazine.
International Council on Monuments and Sites
However Gandhiji refused to break the promises given by him.
Whether to play any event sounds at all
how lovely it was that the sun had come out.
Jack Valenti, who was the head lobbyist
“And anyway, I am going away.”
(Not all combinations of headers and encodings are possible.)
So this is a work called “The Sun Shadow.”
It was a well known family in kolkata.
Or, we can scroll through the pages at the bottom.
I think that the current and future leaders of Africa
These are common tests for many: cervical smear and mammogram.
it changes us by changing our brains.
के साथ निपटने में मदद करने के लिए.
plains are on the western and central side.
A style called “%s” has not been defined
Path to Shotwell's private data
Make one tile a black slot
Burns, blanks and formats CDs, DVDs and BDs
to know that the words go from left to right
blowing that snuff up their noses,
Pakishthan's constituent language is English and national language is urdu.
He has also written a poetry named Ganga.
Because of this government was again compelled to free him.
After this, he competed Law degree from Cambridge University.
Any loss of earnings you have suffered.
The Calcutta Anushilan Samity was declared illegal in 1908 .
I've got no mates or interests left.”
Warning: attempt to remove HTML tag handler from empty stack.
He was Lord vishnu's Sixth Incarnation
Click and drag to stretch selected region.
And in the course of that,
How often do you think I have that day?
This is anthrax-Bin Laden . ”
Create a logical volume group from the source device.
Rughal: There must be something we can do.
goes to the right of the mainstream.
He could not hold on .
We're arguing from a mathematical standpoint
AB: Absolutely. I, like many of you, meet people
So his algorithm essentially tells these robots
country and world's main news on the internet
In this southern& jehangiri palace& akbar Palace are there.
Cannot allocate new file to append to
That will be history at this point,
But what we can do in the meantime
Atlantic Time - New Brunswick
Then we were victims of the French.
But people did not relate to this.
Specify file containing saved configuration
Width of process 'Virtual Memory' column
And this is pure drinking water.
modernize songs of mahadevi place is chief place
Donate Money to this Artist
In the 19th century, it was a corrupt politician.
Mother Kaikai aslo penenced for her wrong doings
Try to stop them sniffing - without using force .
Forgetting his vow of celibacy he wooed her .
Start Haguichi minimized in the notification area
Show Only This Task List
This, in a way, is one of the challenges
Scientist has studied computer models of climate with global warming.
Phone no : 0114 259 5880
Set permissions of items enclosed in '%s'
VPN connecting (getting IP configuration)
I do not pray for success, I ask for faithfulness.
The city became like a second paradise.
At the same time, I was thinking, well,
Children enjoy cracking various fire-crackers and fireworks.
But you can prevent the consequences by acting quickly.
And that furthers the isolation
Change the color of the backlight with “OI Color Picker”.
Then the Indian Army took control of the fort
any moving part they could find, at 8:30,
If A Blood Sample Is Being Taken
Yamuna joins Ganga at Allahabad from the left side.
Bhima slaughtered him with mace.
to justify their rehearsal time.
.Daily Hindi News - first interconnect place of Bundelkhand
List of United States cities by population
I sold license plate protectors door to door.
and turn my life around.
and this way divided this garden into 16 ways
What can be done ?
In 1932 again Subhash Babu got prisoned.
Use alternate directory for user preferences
and we have to do it right now.
and the forelimbs and the hind limbs of animals.
beat them out in these forests.
that I can answer with an uncontroversial answer.
Camillo Benso, Count of Cavour
Show package properties in the main window
In case of helplessness Roja is not a compulsion.
I see hope. I see happiness in their faces.
India opereting Systems solution or boss
According to H. H. Wilson, Kabir has written eight books.
And they did. Stories of change
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
FN: I always had a passion for alternative vehicles.
Plant,Dr.Sadi.Effect of the mobile on society and individual,2001.
whose faces you see, they're no more.
Reading and Writing at Home
is a very scary place indeed.
In fact, they invite the honey bees
because education, in a way,
We share written things, we share images,
you know, the same sort of time frame.
the more people will rise to the challenge.
The collections are stored at 13C .
Sheep are generally washed before shearing .
Retrospectively , even this proved an over-estimate .
Implementation responsibility will be decided as part of this process.
“version” attribute cannot be used in metacity-theme-1.xml or metacity-theme-2.xml
They crashed down o n the wooden table .
Because we had this auction, you see.
Not just a particular strategy.
It seems that with or without us
Our scientists and engineers are the ones
Basava 's reaction was quite unexpected .
a walking, talking, faculty meeting-attending zombie back home.
as an Iranian woman artist,
A <%s> element has already been specified
but being a fit 10-hour a day office rat
or an eternity of suffering in hell -
“ Goodbye , ” said the flower .
The white marble is used for the construction.
GNOME Color Manager Color Picker
No task matches your criteria. Empty report can't be generated.
They learn something, they put it back into the product,
6.1 Federal is the most important topic on the list.
International Day for Biological Diversity
Remote connections for this computer have been enabled.
The variation in weather is more in the northern region.
about who you are and what you feel.
to make a difference in somebody's life.
Property %s on window 0x%lx contained invalid UTF-8
Choose the manager for this supervised user
it is only 450 grams.
Windows that should be use alpha blur by default
E-mail applications will be auto-acknowledged on the same day.
Invalid cdrtype “%s” on <%s>
Do you dread a call from a doorstep salesman ?
High Energy Materials Research Laboratory
When would it be ?
And during harvest, put it back with interest,
Cursor blinks in text boxes and fields
Image of DVD successfully created
Would you like to print a test page?
Every parliamentary constituency is a single member constituency .
honorable men and honorable women.
Kavitaolly, publisher and printer: Geetapraess, Gorakhpu
So at the end of the next four years,
taken from the edge of the neighborhood.
Schools will have different ways of consulting you .
But similar principles would apply to any food business.
Font used for the titles
&Always Open Files of This Type
and their voice is giving me my voice.
Unable to spawn ssh program
System tray icon for managing print jobs
We know because it says so
and could pass the reigns of power onto his son.
are actually tying your shoes incorrectly.
Attach a small picture of your face to outgoing messages.
So we've spent a lot of time and effort
Politeness is a much-overlooked virtue.
I don ' t even know who you are .
Veda- On Hindu religion a great information material
is I could actually test run
The sensors that are used can see through the dark,
Import responses from an deactivated survey table
One popular form runs thus :
Width or height of TIFF image is zero
The pack direction of the menubar
What's the theme? What's the pattern?
“ What ' s your opinion , Mr Čepek ?
Updating the files in “%s”
that these jets might in fact be geysers,
with the politics and the cultural history of South Asia.
Rishi Srink is a love story of a Risi (Saint)
Along with, these are environment friendly.
Find a good garage. <s> Ask around
Try felt-tip pens on big sheets of paper .
Sanskrit is a classical language of India.
6 October 1556,he declared himself the emperor of India
Access to the webpage was denied
Log filter actions to the specified log file.
I wouldn't want to change with normality.
there's Dinosaur Planet; there's Gravity.
Audio and data %s in %s
He said, “For whatever reason,
Apply Advanced Power Management Settings
And some of our colleagues at Tufts are mixing models
But I didn't find any.
is such a valuable thing
Removing conflicting operating system files...
that had allowed him to change his own life.
Presently, Vedas are believed to be four.
Use %A for address and %N for nickname
1980 Movie directed by Shyam Benegal
Certificate is the only message, certificates imported and verified
and here comes the Internet,
New York City Department of Education
Thank you for using Unknown Horizons!
Terrorism Research Center- terrorism research site was started in 1996
And we fight back, and it gets really ugly.
What else can you read ?
And while we could try and figure out
Total area of city is 603k.m (233sq mi).
Farabundo Martí National Liberation Front
File format is unknown or unsupported
In the underground, gems and precious-stone works are found.
seem to have more of a lantern of consciousness
Failed to rename old database from '%s' to '%s': %s
There's always one continent left out,
The Englishman ' s eyes lit up .
Where does this smoke go ?
The precious and valuable architectural work of Taj Mahal
And I think you'd have to be really authentic,
here with 192 functioning sewing machines,
And Country 2 is China.
Why don't we feel compassion for rocks?
Directory could not be renamed to `%s`.
we're not really couch potatoes.
The currently key focused actor
Second, the geographies in which they work
An unknown error occurred while trying to open “%s”.
Please enter your PIN for %{HOSTNAME}.
starts typing “Hello, my name is MARS.”
Failed to create signal handling thread: %d
If you don't believe in a religion,
For example, there's more money put into baldness drugs
17. Action to prevent social exclusion is delivering results:
Chris Anderson: Alain de Botton.
Simple addition. Can recognize written numbers
maybe in their own lives, or their parents' lives,
World famous Indian mathematician and geographical scientist according Mahabharata war.
how the students open up.
Professor Mahavir Saran Jain article: Kabir's Silence
One small glass of sherry
I have to say, this sounds awesome. (Laughter)
what you can picture is a bunch of algorithms
12 states working powers intelligent working powers does not effect.
Think about if they are taken away from you,
Consequently, Jazia collection was dropping.
List of Governors of Uttarakhand
and your jargon, divide by relevance,
Now this is the simplest motor on Earth.
It has mantras in poems and literature.
because I am interested in some messy topics.
Transformed pixbuf has zero width or height.
One of them is Seadragon
She was tied up and thrown into the ring
In this method, plants are grown in chemical nutrient solutions.
rather than seeing these pictures go up online.
Special boot parameters for the install system.
Please enter your first name and your surname:
A blind person driving a vehicle safely and independently
Image successfully burned to DVD
Privileges are required to change the system time zone.
Are you sending the Ombudsman all the papers?
I go home, I look it up.
Enter the old password for the '%s' keyring
Sometimes I think we ' re mad , Paul .
and sometimes we spend a lot of energy
was at the world-quality level needed to make Coartem,
Exporting the entire project as FLAC
The coal industry was no exception .
Choose a continent or region:
The army of Ali was the winner of this battle
%s: no such application %s
Whether content can be modified by the user
Disable deinterlacing of interlaced videos
This in the center between Tomb and main gate.
<b>New Ubuntu release '%s' is available</b>
He also had one volcano that was extinct .
Change the visibility of this window's side pane
There is a problem on printer '%s'.
A lot of these things had a good effect.
They can be planar formations,
and you can see it's a gorgeous sight.
Include all networks created by this client
Unable to initialize the Clutter backend
These files are on a Picture CD.
The old and new passwords are the same.
Failed to open file '%s' for writing: fdopen() failed: %s
“Ma, have you no shame?
Could not remove delegate %s
So we're starting with a variety of technologies
The saved state is invalid
The Attorney General of India
Besides, Officers were called Munshis.
Is it a licence or a tenancy?
because this was the way I was different.
Hindu-Muslim violence is primarily urban and locally concentrated .
We use CNC to make scaffolding
His soul left his body on 4 July, 1902.
Or let's turn to people moving across borders.
of real estate remains uncapitalized in India alone.
but by now, we've reached the mall.
Weight loss <s> High temperature
She said, “That's just a bunch of hooey.”
Layout and start transforming windows on current output
Failed to find Account element
%a %b %e %H:%M:%S %Y
Please enter the password for task list “%s”.
It was objected by the Supreme court.
You can get more information from the DSS website.
Basava was now a boy of eight years .
The maximum rain fall was recorded in year 1954.
of what movies end up being rented.
URL is completed when in starting some data is typed.
Tried to modify contact '%s' with out of sync revision
Even our optical system is not spared .
Replacing it will overwrite its content.
I want to see this. Give me a chair.
Also you should export your responses before deactivating.
that, if other people know it or see it,
Enable Automated Input Level Adjustment.
The range must be a positive integer
When you ask people in France what percentage
Comptroller and Auditor General of India
List of countries by oil production
and on the far right-hand side,
Unique identifier for the currently configured note synchronization service addin.
Netscape Navigator and Internet Explorer are the most popular browser.
Friendship is always a sweet responsibility; never an opportunity.
Open your personal trash folder
Anyone who's followed politics can testify
but we don't always know -
when you're old and senile. No, just kidding.
Data source '%s' does not support creating remote resources
Move the open folder out of the trash to “%s”
Not all the poems are self-exploratory or introspective .
if some of you had been there,
that I think would vastly improve
Failed to open output device: %s
but because we're pretty sure
Suryakand Tripathi also started his literary career with Mahabharat.
Your photo has been uploaded
A new innings starts when:
flipping through and saying, “Well, this is it?”
There was a problem extracting image to the machine.
See AUTHORS file for full credits
this is going to be the map of anemia.
WARNING: failed to parse type name ‘%s'
and it's called “Space Filler.”
His name at home Narendra Datta.
Unable to send item to calendar '%s'. %s
than the weakness of the data. East Europe:
Lower window below other windows
2001: A Space Odyssey (film)
Unable to set metadata key
When an Inning gets over:
As of today, IDE India, Amitabha's organization,
hindi english dictionary in pdf file format
He lives in eternity .
♫ Why, it's my very own Clonie. ♫
In 1993/4 over three-quarters of ambulance services achieved these targets.
Two roles given for one window
But I joined the Indian Police Service,
Show page contents with the colors inverted
16 and 17 year olds
that if I use too much of my carbon allowance,
any more than an American stopped being an American
Wrote a verse here says
He taught his followers to be courteous to guests .
On the right side you can see my colleague Soren,
Can you hear the distant hum of the world ?
Build folder disappeared or could not be written
Everything will be alright , you ' ll see .
And the Moon and the reflection on the Moon
In other words - (Laughter)
69. Please post the completed application to us at:
But he comes up with that, you know.
After this Bhagatsingh fired 3-4 bullets and confirmed his death.
Or have they got longer lives and live up there?
Failed to open debug log: %s
Unable to mark launcher trusted (executable)
and the third is a Canadian.
it looks like the entire continent is affected.
Mr. Bachchan was born in a Kayastha family of Allahabad.
The number of columns of the pixbuf
I was speaking to a group of about 300 kids,
1992 Canadian Open - Men's Singles
this makes perfect sense to me.
%{PRODUCTNAME} is ready to complete your installation
Malformed number of tokens (%d) in GEmblem encoding
Now, we cannot achieve perfection,
people were asked whether they agreed
first-grader, not much artistic talent ...
I still don't understand this one Russian man
Cannot transform SoupURI to string
Enable or disable WiFi devices
It's all of us in this together,
Because now that media is increasingly social,
The state Uttar Pradesh has the maximum number of states|
Works of Soordas in Anubhooti.
in the East African highlands in 100,000 B.C. -
why we might be prone to globaloney.
{0} left the network {1}
Enter your virtual machine details
Text phone 0870 1207 405 .
of the sanctuary city of Mecca
Doing nothing at work is akin to masturbating at work;
and decided to start this organization,
of the scene around your viewpoint.
Keep your faith in God, but keep your powder dry.
She will also set targets .
These people are deceived, forced.
The rules are the same for both of these benefits
I would give the boy probably about 30 seconds,
It's like, are science and plumbing compatible?
you will notice in Bikaner things like this:
A problem with the RFC 2684 Ethernet over ADSL bridge
If you watch in the kitchen, you can see that
Remember at 10 years old - so 34 years ago
Mark Selected Tasks as Complete
a little story about myself.
Whether to enable accessibility enhanced keyboard navigation
people aren't supposed to be there.
is not about belief, but about behavior.
Camel hide is used for saddlery .
The hoofs are hard , black with narrow clefts .
“until I love him or love her.
that we've been talking about
One woman shoots her face. One woman shoots her husband.
what you see is the evidence
and he was practicing his French.
History behind the name of 'China'
Swipe was too short, try again
And I carry this around
The third thing is our higher education.
its' Hindi version is also available.
Bachchnji was born in Alahabad of simple family.
Connection successfully activated (D-Bus active path: %s)
Info to be shown for this item
Hindu religion believes heaven and hell to be temporary.
Generate mipmaps when possible for higher quality scaling
Block devices to clone must be libvirt managed storage volumes.
I know it's a cliche, but look,
And I am not saying that understanding cooperation
L08/001 20033 1P 650k Mar 00 (MPS)
my first year I had a research professor
That's what Feynman diagrams were constructed for -
Lovers of sex position 'missionary' ; Gustaa Limaht 1914.
There was a problem during copying recovery image to device.
But the thing that they're actually looking for most
Maximum 15 min average sulphur dioxide(g μ / m3)
He started painting all problems of society in that time.
He did business with global banks.
Removes trailing spaces and tabs and the end of lines
where I met my nemesis
Prominent amongst them were Bernstein , Kautsky and Hilfierdlng .
So I could tell you a lot about shame,
Require additional authorization to mount
instruments that people are building, or have built,
less than or equal to
The diurnal temperature fluctuations are thus very large .
%s: Unable to replace “%s”.
which is the old Dravidian name for the planet Saturn.
Netaji renamed these islands as Shahid and Swaraj.
Several years later terrible famine befell the country .
so what are we doing with that design
His statue is also in the same premise.
Failed to allocated %luKb of memory for bitmap data.
Do not show this message again.
that they would have really powerful learning mechanisms.
world war stayed throughout the world from 1939 to 1945
No plug-in available to display this content.
The spinning wheel was replaced by a springing tiger .
whoever practiced it - will get status.
Show Haguichi in the notification area
“ No , he can ' t be .
The result has been, over the years,
Pratiwad - News channel in Madhya Pradesh / T.V. Online
Whether the widget can be the default widget
and little cubes of cheese.
Can't move directory over directory
But she interrupted herself at that point .
From the year 2004 he has been injured several times.
Log out of this system now?
Please download and install the latest Hamachi version.
that were responsible for some of that destruction
We would welcome any comments on this report .
I can't wait to find out.
Phone no : 0114 259 4422
And this is very important. At the same time
There's a thermoregulation mechanism in there
Foreground color as a (possibly unallocated) GdkColor
Edited and preached the works of Mahadevi.
“ Why ? Why ?
but will produce a lot of pernicious side effects,
A bookmark for URI '%s' already exists
They also maintain the stability of the mountain slopes .
It may be allowed in diet in small amounts .
we invaded Iraq and Afghanistan.
Add Label At &Playback Position
Diables showing the launcher on the second display.
They tell us to have a bath.
So even though it's a global company,
Whether to show suppressed HTML output
Another thing, that can be very, very very successful is,
The height of the Cairo surface
and you want to go and work in a village?
To change proxy, enable “%{USE_SHARED_PROXIES}” setting.
“ I ' ve brought you something .
as you may have heard,
It is usually divided into four parts .
In diabetes , carbohydrates are the key .
Cannot change value of book property '%s'
Professor Mahavir Saran Jain article: Adore of Kabir
Remember this password for the remainder of this session
into just keeping them alive.
Warning - Problems Reading Sequence Tags
Now, I cannot deny that there have been
An old house like this … ! ”
Indian Army Corps of Engineers
and hammers and other dangerous objects,
Or, this one, coming to us from India.
to say that that would deliver the “decisive year.”
No file system mounted on /target
This period was called 'Riti kaal'
The email address is: baadmin@baadmin.demon.co.uk
because of this health extension worker program.
remingtton based unicode typing tool
Select a file for restore
And the other interesting thing
when catalyzed in the state of extreme excitation.
Something was knocked out of him , decayed .
explains why lessons are planned in this way
Failed to register server object with the D-BUS bus daemon
Last week I took these pictures of rock rose,
Rai Rajvansh (year 489-632) of Sind has ruled on this.
People of Mumbai call themselves 'Mumbaikar' or Mumbaiites.
that make people more human,
Two seconds is like the present.
According National Geographic - Presentation of shochkave
The text to display in a tooltip for this menu.
AG: There are technical implications certainly.
The Geographical Pivot of History
You can drag and drop account names to reorder them.
Manjul Publishing House Pvt. Ltd.
Shining lamps from all direction looks vary beautiful.
Gallery of country coats of arms
It is not a matter for cheering .
Timed out running command-line ‘%s'
that defines the primary attributes of divinity.
Usage: %s [ -paranoid ]
The URI request that is associated with this policy decision
Select the columns visible in this folder
And that is so deeply important to us.
that will give them opportunities in their lives
I guess you can only have one miracle per building.
The Ramayana mentions the use of silk .
is too slow, too gradual.
Today we talk of people as an asset.
Hanuman to Lanka and departure
Set the drive to be used for burning
So something which is trash,
A religeous which can open the door of knowledge
DWM has handled 20,000 passengers since then .
That makes 12 of them.
So let me show you something.
his sister Krupi married drona.
Contact preview pane position (horizontal)
Open Jamendo Album Page in Browser
List of airports by IATA code: O
the deepest crevices of intolerance,
Classical form of Vedic verbal compositions.
Services for people with learning disabilities
I went to high school.
Authentication is required to change user data
He really popped their balloon.
This webpage has disabled automatic filling for this form.
until they find a resolution,
because it feels and looks grown - up
These phases in order following the potential creation time
Both can be used instead of petroleum-based roofing materials
Duryodhana's army commander Bhishma, the grandfather for the first!
Please provide a Book Name for this directory
Could not delete network “{0}”
keep the landscape of the projects
but your husband might leave you,
You have to act compassionately.
England invented 20 overs cricket,
for the formation of life in the universe.
The minimum desired width of the menu item in characters
of the volume of what the UK does,
they must be financially stable
meaning share what's relevant to the audience,
This can be brought against the personal status of ruling
Apply color gradient or edge detection effects
It seems old and wise .
So speaking of love and the brain,
Then , there are inscriptions of his times .
Use a custom CSS file to modify websites own CSS.
To discover compassion, you need to be compassionate.
about 50 percent girls and boys.
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (film)
As an American, how do you feel about this picture?
All religions, all major religions,
is not the sheer pharmacological potential of this preparation,
Hay from some suitable legume should also be given .
Functionary of senate and his selection,power,work,responsibility and deposition
Nehru is believed to responsible for many problems of India.
Add connect to server mount
Token code for this participant
{0} came online in the network {1}
and it's a process of extraction.
We have built our education systems
I shall work for that purpose . ”
And I'm going to explain exactly what damage is
Well obviously this is a replica.
People have a hard time figuring that out.
A few years ago, I visited Mexico from the U.S.
And on top of all off these rules,
The time I kill is killing me.
So, as we speak people are mapping the world
You must specify a backend display by using %s
Are you sure you want to delete the selected entries?
Why three? A couple of reasons.
Enable locking keys? Enter y or n:
So I said, “Well that's impossible, because -
Print NetworkManager version and exit
%s: %s is not owned by uid %d.
ranging from the level of the genome
He said I was throwing my life away
just didn't know what to do.
The supply of power started in 1915 .
and you'll understand the scope of the project
I can feel your noise.
His duty is to his team and his country .
is that we imagine that the Koran can be read
present new mail if this script is not active.
If you have something to give,
This happened few days after he complained of abdominal pain.
Mumbai is the capital of Maharashtra state
People will say to you,
Should I ask questions ?
For the farmers, this festival is specially important.
The model for the TreeModelSort to sort
Aaj Tak and India today in hindi
gods strong rope is this only
These were five brothers: Yudhishthir, Bhim, Arjun, Nakul and Sahadeva.
Saving changes to the calendar. Please wait...
Cannot retrieve calendar free/busy list:
People became thin and weak and fell ill easily .
But the Waorani didn't just spear outsiders.
Keyboard shortcut to switch to tab 6
So we have this thing called ambient intimacy.
The disc is ready for use.
Set an example by giving up smoking or alcohol;
a quiet word about noise and formal action
though I believe that's true,
Select the monitor type that is attached to your computer.
How do I appeal against a decision?
Therefore its name is Atharvaveda.
Then Acharya Drona took the responsibility of leading the army|
Style of items in the tool palette
A little reading goes a long way
Change settings specific to your device and peripherals.
Time played {0} (average per game {1})
whether it's silence from radio pollution
Faeces may be passed in small quantities .
and the people who run them - the leaders.
Let me help you with some things
and our government even up till this moment
The default command that must be used as the editor.
Add sender to address book
I think the notion that cities are engines
Enter Google password for user '%s'.
-geometry cannot be used with more than one URI.
National Institute of Technology Rourkela
publishing them in the papers,
In fact, if you look at the evidence worldwide,
His ears caught the faint sound of a breath .
Sending a message with recipients not entered as mail addresses
Bluetooth configuration not possible (error finding NetworkManager: (%s) %s).
The password is too simple.
Could not save signature file.
when there was presumably a competition among many languages?
Take an interest in young people's own interests and concerns;
And sometimes it comes down to something as simple as,
What steps should the state Government have taken ?
Rotate or flip the video
You must provide their details on the attendance form .
Could not create GstElement for URI %s
PKCS #1 SHA-256 With RSA Encryption
than you do of getting a four-year degree.
Group Reply replies to list
And so, I have my first slide to talk about
A tradition of Sub-Saharan Africa as a place of negatives,
Cannot get free space at %s: %s
First editions has Three Places in other languages
The customer is happy, because the customer is God.
Failed opening .blend file for compression
just by changing diet and lifestyle.
in a field of medicine
From what I've seen this year, yes.
Many creatures produce both at a times.
‘%s' has been added, using the ‘%s' driver.
Show week numbers in calendar
“ Don ' t be scared .
Intervals shown in Day and Work Week views, in minutes
this meant the subjects loved their iPhones.
You ought to address the problem of mother's lacerated foot.
I'm telling you where I need your help.
So I'm going to challenge all of you.
That's because government is like a vast ocean
Premchand and key to Hindi
No hypervisor options were found for this connection.
I'd love to just talk about each one briefly.
* Wide variety of genres, can fit any mood
Its capacity is 1.25 Kilowatts.
We all had to fast during Ramadan.
You need to configure Hamachi before you can connect.
see similarly to us, we think,
on the climate crisis. All three have offered leadership,
There is something surreal about this .
Processes a cursor routing key.
Do not disturb for one day
The permissions of the file, in octal notation.
The CCPs are monitored .
from the policy-making, policy-orientation, and policy
Category:Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam
Mahadevi- While taking Margaret Thatcher award
Sort file list by type
Iodized salt should be added in iodine deficient areas .
The greatness of Krishnas poetry was as follows -
especially when viewed through the monochromatic lens
Import Outlook messages from PST file
Start Haguichi minimized in the notification area
in which investors who are looking for entrepreneurs
there is a group of mountains which is called Bitrimadhesh.
Your comment has been saved.
Having to ask my husband for help,
They're willing to invest in a relationship
I think the answer is we should honor Feynman
and Jim Barksdale have all got it,
The second stomach acts as a store for water .
while you use a costly non-stick pan,
Social lines are barbed wire.
And why? What is wrong with his underwear?”
And that was all !
Category: Honored by Academy of Literature
Color with which to draw insertion cursor
When faced with particularly difficult
So in a traditional model, most of the teacher's time
-LRB- Effective from 01/11/2001-31/03/2002 -RRB-
And Darwin said, looking at this flower,
That I ' ve gone mad ?
Computer will hibernate very soon unless it is plugged in.
Use the same layout for all windows
List of Presidents of the United States
bouts of drowsiness or sleepiness ;
Each district is governed by a District Head
Can we look more at the patterns in the data
Disable your extensions and then reload this webpage.
The part of this admiration is Puran and Ved
List of districts of Punjab, India
They'd got a zero. I gave them a test.
Augusto Carlos Teixeira de Aragão
Successfully stored client certificate issued by %{ISSUER}.
on standardized tests of well-being
LFE on Separate Mono Output
Unknown window information request: %d
or who want to have a family with you.
You can do Self-Organized Learning Environments
A plugin to setup hula calendar sources.
the life's messy, love it.
{0} went offline in the network {1}
They ruled over many regions of middle Asia and Iran
But it never struck me as it did that moment,
“ You ' re looking for witch doctors . ”
for something called a lightning call.
I don't know what it would feel like
Method ‘%s' returned type ‘%s', but expected ‘%s'
I grew up in tenement buildings in the inner city.
Please enter the %s password for %s on host %s.
the athletic warlord of the gods,
%s network printer via DNS-SD
%s invited you to join %s
Auto Format Canceled: Too many left curly braces.
Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday Sunday
He was called by the work Shahanshah from Persian language.
Include all networks created by this client
It has changed the way we consume music.
Unable to establish service %s: %s
than a tenth of a pound.
most of the completions are hydro electricity and thermal power.
Background color of tasks that are overdue, in “#rrggbb” format.
This survey is currently active.
Move window to workspace 3
Are you sure you want to force poweroff '%s'?
Many branches of Ramakrishna mission setup in America
Locusts swarm in their gregarious phase .
The DHCP end address could not be understood
Enable document editing, instead of viewing.
it's almost like the process of creation
The prevailing colours are chestnut , brown and grey .
Would Bhaiji retain it in Hinduism ?
a small Pakistani contingent to come.
Business Team 3 (Employers L-N)
Whether the combo box draws a frame around the child
Add a directory to the list of shared directories
A printer connected to the parallel port.
3.it eliminates all social evils
The optical photo conductor is near end of life
Because the algorithms of Wall Street
Vishnu Dharma -LRB- p . 35 -RRB- .
Open up doors of knowledge for all of the Religion
My colleagues said, “No, it's a simple solution.
You can't say, here's the bad stuff.
The AP photo of Iranian hostage-takers with American hostages.
Show Haguichi in the notification area
Place scrollbars within the scrolled window's bevel
- are looking after children
White list of additional plugins to use
about the things that we may come across.
they can become solar engineers.
Briefly, Hindutvas main ethic is pellucid-
UID string of the default account.
you know the kind of thing I'm talking about -
Font may be too large
and she says, “The neuron? The neuron?”
It was a breath of fresh air.
The police undid the damage in about an hour .
Set the options for file filtering
They downloaded it from Disney.com,
I, for one, was steeped in these.
The cpufreq policy to use when on AC power
Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah
Earth has feel hot and cold various times before also.
which was the basis of the movie “Bladerunner.”
These changes will take effect after the next guest shutdown.
for most of human prehistory.
and this is one of the artifacts of the project.
Compatible with modern systems and hard disks > 2TB
Disable if two keys are pressed together
Lock GNOME keyring on sleep
His articles won high recognition at home and abroad .
Failed to Create Application Shortcut
that just breaks you in so many ways.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter
Angel which was gifted to Isa.
that are building schools across the country.
Himachal Pradesh legislative assembly election, 2012
I like to call furnace dumping,
Let me tell you what we think about children.
All Group assessments meet consistency standards
To diagnose and treat a brain disorder accurately,
Key used to enter text mode.
This composition is the Historical Saga of Ancient India.
Do not write the gschema.compiled file
to shell companies in the British Virgin Islands.
about 13 billion dollars a year to the disease.
Could not open the address “%s”: %s
that can interact more like humans.
but I assure you it was a breakdown.
Sites which never save passwords will appear here.
One shrewd precaution the father did take .
At the bottom right you see a robot
“ What of ? ”
Mrs. Kaushik Ki Paanch Bahuein
Error code %u when authenticating: %s
The application '%s' is ready to be used
Whether the widget should show fallback applications
Find a safe place to cross then stop
Well I took one year.
And this is where we are today.
Taj Mahal or Tejomahalar - A Review
in Southern Turkey, Northern Mesopotamia.
so what I'd like to do briefly
because the malnutrition is sent
- Dock software to the systray
They are made in the right order.
this newspaper was distributed to over 31 states.
But that was at the worst an indiscretion .
which shows how much of this income has gone
Where should I go for advice ? 4
But how about getting entrepreneurship
The list of selected files associated with the request
but it's not a goal.
I would have died in a day,
means “new life” in Urdu and Hindi,
I have two kinds of reactions.
And so you have to be careful
So we have created a very disruptive structure
Enter the username and password associated with your Tumblr account.
Virtual disk %s, partition #%s (%s)
But in those early days
Specialties of the stream of Krishna-poetic drama
The access code is invalid. Please try again.
Show printers shared by other systems
Cannot save calendar data: Malformed URI.
So these are circular trajectories
But the total energy consumption
Set the crop for this photo
He got married to Kamala Nehru in 1916.
Whether show message over the icon when new messages arrive.
Indian Council for Cultural Relations
How to develop an Assured Safe Catering system
It has been encrypted with XOR function 97.
Sessions are convened at the request of the President.
A little-known fact about India in the 1990s
But in fact, here in the northwest,
as they solve a math problem,
'Living with Teenagers' by Martin Herbert (Basil Blackwemm 1987);
He leaves, a little confused and disappointed.
Change Permissions for Enclosed Files…
List of airports by IATA code: P
It's about understanding our neighbors
Six weeks, city versus city.
where, in the Bible, he sets off on his journey.
is to actually fix the model.
Later on ,Akbar developed attraction towards other religions as well.
- you are not available for work
Whether or not the plug is embedded
Change back to “%{FROMLOCALE}” (requires sign out)
%s: Could not read Authentication Data
Do channels contribute to result
we had only known about 400
who also purchased lottery tickets
One I'm really worried about
There's two spheres and they're separated in distance.
Stay with them until the effects have worn off .
seal / flippers | bird
was where do I begin.
And there were a lot of kind of Asperger types,
for the mechanics, for the robot building,
Employees' Provident Fund Organisation of India
We were four of us, not one,
Do you or your partner get :
Fax no : 0114 259 3324
Give it a little push - this becomes a rhombus.
Hi-Trans: A transliteration scheme and conversion tool for Hindi
Could not display help for Evolution.
attributed smiles to descriptions of situations
and all of it horrifies those industries.
you can walk to up to any surface,
According to the census of 2001 ( old figures)
but God defines humanity by our spirituality, by our nature.
Cannot import the VVExport file.
Gods standing in the sky were highly enjoying this war.
Sending a reply to a large number of recipients
Do you want to add another CD-ROM?
Experience is a great teacher.
in other parts of the country
CA: And finally, does this new thing that you're proposing
Toggle whether we provide chat room specific message histories.
The local URI to where the download will be saved
didn't belong to girls in India.
5 November wednesday,master blaster Tendulkar scored just 18 runs.
Bombay people always accept him like a actor.
List of airports in India
From Gomoh railway station, getting frontier mail he reached Peshwar.
Error: bssid argument value '%s' is not a valid BSSID.
&Ergonomic order of Transport Toolbar buttons
And I think I was fourteen.
The Government tried many schemes to help him .
that obviously fitted into a much higher-end decor market
It shows the systematic discrimination and biases
Your thoughts are the architects of your destiny.
3. He should be a resident outside the State
11. Kanak Vrindavan' is the famous recreation promenade.
However, temperature can also drop due to natural cyclic changes.
Unexpected OK response from IMAP server: %s
His book “”i am terrorist in under“”is bruh hefman wrote.
because I was going to do a speaking event.
The truth of the matter is otherwise.
Disable XF86VidMode (No screen resolution change).
Open the selected messages in a new window
The english government gave him a title called Rai Bahadur.
When I did the experiment, when I did the test,
Hindi cinema industry, Bollywood, is located in Mumbai.
Enable experimental VP8 Alpha playback in the video element.
you are caring for someone who is ill or disabled
Members of Legislative Assembly of Rajasthan.
Archive does not contain expected files.
Check incoming mail being junk
So, notice that, as more people join in,
of retaining the level of realism.
even the aid agencies -
now the healthiest country on this Earth.
but Jaisalmer was well connected to it.
His situation at home was very difficult.
horrible things my parents had done to me.
into making babies think like adults do.
you know, you just want to handle her really gingerly.”
Type of president and parliament of government.
The most horrifying and agonizing part
This is claimed at many places in Quran
All in the name of “ social justice ” .
These guys down on Wall Street,
when the spider descends from above
The identifier of the toplevel panel which contains this object.
Failed to write file '%s': fflush() failed: %s
And I'm not comfortable with that.
Pixel scheme in Prasad's poetry (Google book; author: Ramkrishna Agarwal)
Now, here is a quote from
There is scarcity of water is this region.
Freedom and power bring responsibility .
International Mobile Station Equipment Identity
had to be small enough that a farmer only had
These are called qualifying repairs.
Enable the menu shortcut key (F10 by default)
Set templates that this user may access
demonstration project on top of our offices.
But he also deeply believed, he truly believed,
Ask a room full of teenagers the same thing.
Whether to show the menubar in new windows
Inasense , Mexico was the land of my re-birth .
which meant, “Food, clothing and shelter.”
Mixing of different types of fodders gives better results .
KEY The (optional) key within the schema
We shall be together .
most widely read children's author, in fact.
can't commit changes to file '%s'
grade. main news paper of the world
when they could not mimic the smile they saw,
The serial port speed is set to ${SPEED}.
Could not display help document '%s'
Indigenous peoples of the Americas
The chargesheet cannot be filed within this year .
and were remarkably close to the neutral British accent
Access data you copy and paste
it's a very kind of provocative statement -
Could it be - a devastating question,
When all the walls down among man and man give
For more information , contact your Jobcentre .
<b>%s</b> has proposed the following meeting changes.
Whether the invisible char has been set
but it has one big disadvantage.
but have absolutely no respite,
13th century,Sanskrit word malla and thar started establishing
Reaching aids and handle extensions are useful equipment.
.Subtitle : Din e Elahi
friendship is more worth than kindness
Shut down gconfd. DON'T USE THIS OPTION WITHOUT GOOD REASON.
Press 'T' to make trees transparent.
This Fort was mainly used as cantonment during British period.
Place the items in the best way to count them
So, it's a full range of facial expressions
And I feel very strongly
And the idea that architecture itself
hence why Remi is so different from Sam.
18. Hinduism is sight of unity.
They did not matter .
How can I get a housing association home?
But really, you just want a better life for yourself.
Eastern Front (World War II)
because they have to look after animals -
Toggles whether the time zone is displayed
Tell us what you think of the App Launcher.
Jai Shanker Prasad [In Expressions]
And the teachers would write, saying,
those are ideas where we have a fight,
Received a notification for an unknown printer.
In fact, the anonymous admin job
Move folder in folder tree.
Violent and non-violent means were adopted to register protest .
The Museum plays an active part in education .
Hamachi version {0} is obsolete
Vijaynagar was a strong kingdom in the south India.
There are %s user attribute fields in this token table
She had been married when she was 17 .
Have been sick for at least 28 weeks ?
CA: In terms of your own personal role going forward,
Floor plan map of the Taj Mahal
that would use the technology of Google Earth,
of hip hop artist will.i.am into their studio
Only one root node is allowed in a JSONPath expression
He used to be known as an extremely intelligent person.
Use %A for address and %N for nickname
{0} left the network {1} and {2} other network
And so you have to understand
Move the selected image to the trash folder
had worked for so many years,
we don't know how old that person is today,
La Route du Port Elizabeth
Access to your microphone is controlled by your administrator.
- your availability for work
Made '%s' a stereo track
The %s utility is not installed.
news is something that almost never happens.
List of Bollywood films of 2013
The decipherment of these two scripts
lives of real purpose and follow real dreams.
Outlook Contacts CSV or Tab (.csv, .tab)
Whether words are wrapped at widget edges
%s: %s is writable by group/other.
biologically are there implications in the world of rejuvenation?
THE year 1940 began auspiciously as well as ominously .
The newspaper , Reporter , reported :
was the struggle of the manic episode,
(c) 2002 Bond, James Bond
Please download and install the latest Hamachi version.
so I decided, if I couldn't run myself,
with components that are off the shelf -
Split Stereo to Mono '%s'
Asking for money without explaining what it is for .
Whether to use time-based notifications
The third side is us,
The size of the recently used resources list
Accordingly , a prospectus was issued in 1907 .
The take-over had been gradual .
Business Team 6 -LRB- Employers U-Z -RRB-
Show/Hide the image gallery pane scroll buttons.
The Haunting Hour: Don't Think About It
Horror groaned within him .
Now all of these are fine projects,
There ' s nothing wrong !
to take notes as they watch a video .
Now if I were to come to you face-to-face
We consume our tomorrows fretting about our yesterdays.
Please edit the following fields (no identifier means global)
Temperament too is essential in order to succeed .
Overwrite an existing cache, even if up to date
You can get this from your social security office.
What costs are associated with these decisions? And who pays?
We make lots of toys with newspaper,
Q . Politics is overshadowing relations .
I've come here to share with you an experiment
And without skipping a beat at all,
They are lord vishnus another avatar
Young and inexperienced users run greater risks .
Are you sure you want to close Evolution?
two species of dolphin are found in ganga
There was an error displaying help: %s
but we still can't do that with water,
Class: Prime Ministers of India
It requires a separate book .
This location is not a valid one.
Get a specific element from a list key, numerically indexed.
Still angry with the Montagues ? ”
This battle is famous as Panipat's second battle.
and the men also believe it improves their sex life.
Checking the ${TYPE} file system in partition #${PARTITION} of ${DEVICE}...
Could not decode ICNS file
Fortunately, there is also one positive story:
Other creatures, like the crows,
You can get this from your social security office.
and study its progressions and treatments.
a lab to prototype and refine a design process
Got %d entries using filter: %s
“These are places where good teachers won't go.”
Total of all entries must be at least %s
I was saying , then , five-hundred-and-one millions - ”
Popup message together with the icon
Other two are Agra fort and Fatehpur Sikri.
and doodling in the workplace.
that was their number one mistake last time.
how we allow people to be available.
or deep sense of well-being as humans,
This wizard is used to print budget
It was such a beautiful machine
with every second that passes
having a serving of Coke every week.
Sixty four Russian poems (1964)
and apply them to safer cars for sighted people.
A RAID array is degraded.
Mark selected tasks as incomplete
The SIP Outbound Proxy to use for outgoing calls
Prompt when replying privately to list messages
which build gradually and subtly.
Religions have helped greatly in the development of humanity .
Threshold of hearing <s> section 1 bothered by noise
that definitely was getting very serious.
Every chapter has some hymns which are called as Aayat.
Click on this icon to connect to a wireless network
Makes a diff file from two documents or files
- Harper Lee, To Kill a Mocking Bird
in all the rest of our brains.
Chris Anderson: Thank you so much for that.
Ved is Hindu dharms' pure ancient writings name|
It ' s the twentieth century . ”
was not working and would not work.
You have selected %d file
A return flight follows next spring .
are living in really miserable poverty
Gunahon Ka Devta (1990 film)
“ You bet I will ! ”
Click here to print your answers.
the therapists, the poets -
This way, they fulfilled revenge of Lala Lajpat Rai's murder.
Could not start storagepool '%s': %s
So we damaged about 50 of the magnets.
And slowly, slowly, at the end of the 20th century,
According to Buddha what is non - Dhamma-
India has the right institutional conditions
Thumb made in or befor 2001
like saraswati Harv, sorya and ganesh etc.
Yikes! Failed to generate random RSA private key.
In Sahitya Lahari, Sur mixed his own words.
Ask for confirmation when deleting items
Goes to previous combo box.
from people with a genetic disease
Why do young people take drugs ?
And I truly believe that this can happen.
I think they're full of propaganda.
Now in India's case I believe there are six ideas
The community got together and said, “Take these two women.”
Show toolbar in new windows
Tourism provides livelihood to 10% Indian workers.
and the question of four women
'%d' is out of valid range <128-16384>
But Ramalinga was indifferent and spent his time day-dreaming .
Residents of Bhattacharya 's Jadavpur constituency welcomed the order .
It is the biggest state of India.
And it's given me a greater appreciation
No file manager to open layout folder
There was an error displaying help.
Number of horizontal windows in which to split the video.
Something went wrong with signing in
Failed to close new saved state file '%s': %s
Of course, digital video is cheap now.
Cannot rename MAPI folder '%s'. Folder does not exist
they were all poor people,
These last part of Vedas is called Upanishads.
Its main object is hindu.
Micro-credits gave her the bicycle, you know.
Indian food is famous abroad.
Transfer the user's surveys to:
View your personal details and service summary
now, that Bill Gates talked about this morning.
Value '%s' cannot be interpreted as a boolean.
dish / break | balloon
and we're kinder and gentler to ourselves.
and then the parachute is then connected to the payload.
My party has elected me the leader .
Rename imported files to lowercase
error informing authentication system of user's hostname: %s
let's say from Calcutta you wanted to call Delhi,
breast cancer, for the love of Lebanon, for peace,
The app is currently unreachable.
At the time, there was a lot of opposition.
An error occurred while printing
King Jahangir also celebrated Dipavali with joy.
Trying to restart the X server.
The legs are medium in length and well proportioned .
is to help them to stand on their own feet.
He established prevailing times in Hindi Literature.
And I'll tell you why.
that the power of the people
Are you sure you want to delete contact list (%s)?
Variations of climate before the origin of man
depending on who you ask.
as far as my kids would be concerned.
And as with Amazon, so it is with Netflix.
A Carers guide to a carers assessment
Vivek - Hindi blog on Swami Vivekanand
Seventh Phase November 1, 1956
Indira Gandhi National Centre for the Arts
a single incident of anti-semitism.
British government did not give any response for this.
Total records in this token table
Do you want to install %{PRODUCTNAME}?
He found himself standing before his father .
Calligraphy on it is only about Mumtazz's introduction and praising.
Thereafter , the minister replies to the question .
to realize whatever he's dreaming.
at this point in time.
We can do this. We're educators.
List of airports by ICAO code: T
So the smaller you make R,
Under the Taliban, girls who went to school
The filter used when increasing the size of the content
a little bit about myself
And the thing is, is that this isn't Google.
and every child can enjoy this.
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland.
Double-glazing or other window replacement or secondary glazing;
500 bc became an independant state
I say no, it won't overtake China for a while.
He had a special interest in this.
last May, China in the Sichuan province
“ I ' m sure they will .
Plain Plain with face browser Themed Themed with face browser
They are throwing large sums of money for primary health,
Tab key cycles through elements
and very quickly, you'll see those resort hotels in orbit.
of my role and responsibility
Do you need permission to make improvements ?
So what you're seeing here
Whether activatable icons should prelight when hovered
One original photo could not be adjusted.
have the courage to follow
For this acceptation Supreme court make some rule.
state area 342239 class km(1,32,139 class mile)
Picture books help children match the pictures to the words.
So, putting all this together, what really happened was
which is choking all the seabirds,
An artist that has became an enduring icon is?
Found user '%s' (UID %lu) and group '%s' (GID %lu).
He put the name of his son jalaludin Mohammad .
And I set myself and impossible target:
There was a problem during copying recovery image to device.
Total with no unique Token
At the interview , an Employment Service Adviser will
26 of January is celebrated as Republic Day in India.
Invalid listtype “%s” on <%s>
They don't want legal distinctions
and took a real human brain
It is better to prevent crimes than to punish them.
BMP: wxImage doesn't have own wxPalette.
MediaEngine.init was not called. Cannot continue.
National Institute of Technology, Warangal
2008 and 2009 were a little tougher.
This device is managed by %{DOMAIN}.
through prologue Indian constitutions resume,fulfillment,orders and vision is produced.
Now what does this have to do with leadership?
We did a design competition,
and say, 'What should I grow in this spot?'”
based on the content inside the images.
Mumbai is the biggest city in India.
2 We produced the report in two volumes .
co-operating with your employer on health and safety ;
They're our cottage industries. They are vulnerable, single people.
and I devise missions for us.
And that, in fact, turns out to be true.
that actually guide the computer where the ball is moving,
Valmiki - Ramayana on computer criteria.
with the possibility of an emotional experience.
to teach them some nature vocabulary.
So I did a review of
” Old age , sickness , death ?
This board teaches basic colors.
a path, a route -
“ Why is that ? ”
But I've got to tell you, we young guys,
Recording - Choosing the Input Device
They do almost all of the skill-based routine tasks.
These parameters control how the bootstrap system works.
Quota information not supported for folder '%s'
But September 11 proved to be a turning point .
The default browser is currently %{BROWSERNAME}.
especially when the people can't pay for it?
And you can also tell, because of the sharp edges
Error while setting “%s” as default application: %s
but also how big that planet is
They can create a model instantaneously,
and some times ( bada huava tho kaya hua jaiisa)
and that's that it ain't gonna go according to plan.
Change which mail application is used to write emails
Each pillar is divided into 3 parts equally.
has really changed my life.
by reaching out into the open-source software community
“%s” could not be found
LCD brightness when on battery
Her husband died a few years after her marriage.
%s: Errors found in file. Aborting.
is something that shouldn't be done in the village,
Make sure the URL is correct and try again.
The fluctuations are a part in 100,000.
Battery discharge time is estimated
And he said, “It's funny you ask that,
The highest or reactive mechanism army
that I built in my bedroom,
is very good to follow.
and those of you who've also worked there
Sticky Note Importer First Run
and technology's ability to make sense of it all.
Page %s does not have a favicon
What happens after the assessment ?
can serve as replacement parts for the human body.
Royal coat of arms of the United Kingdom
So, we were talking about the differences
And I will work wherever the party wants me .
Is there a waiting list?
Gujarat ca n't pretend this document does n't exist .
Nothing to translate on this page
So “The 99” is technology; it's entertainment;
Add, edit and delete lists.
My career path led me to become a computational neuroscientist,
went to fashion designer Alexander McQueen, and photographer Nick Knight,
I got 200 in the first two weeks.
First, they tend to work in markets
of the slum next to my office,
Notify on a sleep failure
After that he traveled all over India on foot.
Today, food aid, our food aid -
how do we remember where we parked our car?
west Dem. Rep. of Congo
And I think that if the marketing were more aspirational,
Swami has good links with almost all parties .
Taj mahal is a monu ment of agraa
Exit shell on help action performed
You have to login first.
It's out of print - still ...
I'd like to pause my TEDTalk
to grow these cells in the lab.
this becomes part of the problem.
Practice subtraction with a fun game
List of airports by ICAO code: O
but that didn't go into my consciousness.
Force this application to exit?
Totem could not display the help contents.
Removing DC offset and Normalizing...
to track down an American dream that has failed
You can get this from your social security office.
Third box is out. The fourth box is out.
Teach them the basic skills yourself .
Name of officer dealing with your case:
The network response for the URI that should be downloaded
Color scheme using Tango color palette
and I was to sit in one place
So let me show you some examples
Show details of an update
We are a company in the field of automation,
and they say we, who are the younger brothers,
Whether to give the color an alpha value
The camel sits down and is unable to rise .
Less effort, you're less persistent, and so on.
Little is known of Abu Zafar 's childhood .
Unable to create temporary file (%s)
So India now is no longer
And this has spread just frictionlessly,
Interrupting the process may make disc unusable.
Matches any device with the given label
If they do say it, it won't be true!
6.2 Only the constitution has right over this list.
History of the Soviet Union (1982-1991)
It's one of the great products of the human mind.
Change your Desktop Background settings
I taught the whole lesson wrong. I'm so sorry.”
to beat them with lengths of steel cable,
Never would India have thought on this scale before.
Created Evolution/LDAP source using configuration file '%s'
I decided that groups of children can navigate the internet
The wasp has now three courses open .
And I think just the opposite is true.
Your knowledge is limited, health is limited,
Ignore CapsLock status and input lowercase by default
What are the barriers to success?
Alternative GDM System Defaults configuration file
The toilets there are literally holes in the ground
You know, I can't promise my child
Disable misfeatures that are required by old or broken applications
Now this is not to say
yughnagari: typewriter without any problem
to one of two groups.
Binding to start playback (or toggle play/pause).
and creativity and good engineering intuition.
Enable key echo? Enter y or n:
He believed in omens .
From there Ram moved ahead and met Saint Sharbhang.
To get the queen for him, he attacked her kingdom.
Umar khchyam ki Rubaiya (1959)
When to show thumbnails of files
If they want, they can call the granny cloud.
Display a RSS or ATOM Feed on your video
but other minds possibly could access them.
We let the doctors make all the decisions,
But there was no response .
Republican debate of CNN and You Tube on 28-11-2007
What are the benefits of each of the options?
Do not focus on map when starting
My wife is a Saudi from Yemeni roots.
The resource at '%s' failed to decompress
nodev - do not support character or block special devices
Number files according to a pattern
An error occurred during processing: %s
What does fluoride do for teeth?
“No, no, what you talking about?”
Error setting extended attribute '%s': %s
how where they think the flag had been changes
So she'd act as if what she wanted
what makes something like Coca-Cola ubiquitous,
The setting for one , and then the dialect .
Mutahida Qaum Movement(MQM). This party was started by Altaaf Hussain.
a pressure cooker into a coffee machine?
he can just go up to any wall
{0} came online in the network {1}
80 Calories Portions l .
Unable to look up UID of user %s
What's going on in the street in Mumbai?
<b>%s</b> through %s requests your presence at the following meeting:
There are many organisations that monitor local biodiversity .
How can I expect to feel after the procedure?
And they had understood each other perfectly well .
Speaks the current flat review line.
You, however, are blessed with the gift of influence.
Whether to keep all text in a single paragraph
Ghurienand Dasne the written Ssuval Swnt Paak
We look at it every single day.”
<span weight=“bold” size=“larger”>Enter the label of the CD-ROM</span>
Burh - sanskrit writing and tool software on coomputer.
Science and technology in Germany
is, what we say, love.
and moved its way into the larger industry,
SEEING COMMUNITY NURSES AND MIDWIVES
G11 NHS sight tests and vouchers for glasses
that won't accomplish its stated goals,
Poet Iqbal also made a deep impact on him .
And this is the other one -
Cannot copy or move messages into a Virtual Folder
Don ' t switch on the light !
What did - materials did you use?
Getting the time from a network time server...
So just like a diver stands on a springboard
an emphasis on the issues which really matter to consumers
No.5 Insulation against traffic noise
and so I jumped at that opportunity.
Sissa acid reduced more than 28%
This is not view any other in India.
The popularity of cricket has dominated over Hockey.
General Insurance Corporation of India
%s: GtkMenu failed to grab the pointer
big broadband connections, but in groups.
Could not create cache file
List of airports by ICAO code: J
The server's security certificate has errors!
Determines Y coordinate of Search window; stored on Tomboy exit.
Federal government of the United States
The Knight in the Panther's Skin
where he's lying there and he says,
This profile is intended for the SONY PRS-900.
Remember, from the Hole in the Wall.
But was the episode over ?
are not by any means agile.
which puts us, Argentina and Mozambique together 50 years ago,
Nishadraj served all three of them greatly in hrungverpur
the guy tailgating you home on the highway,
They will guarantee a troubled succession .
But successful completion is only half the battle won .
and stop the accumulation of side effects
Listen to the color and click on the matching duck.
are not actually interested in computing.
Config directory location: [$HOME/.config/gcompris]. Alternate is to set $XDG_CONFIG_HOME.
Federation of Children's Book Groups ,
Aatre reckons the LCA would be operational by 2007 .
It's like being in love
what the quantum wave function
Dipawali is a festival of lights.
Joseph Nye, a friend of mine.
“ It ' s nice here . ”
Except curiosity and a question still unanswered .
Ages 1 to 4: Protect your Child
is this: It robs people of dignity.
And secondly, they are the smallest reality.
Uncharacteristically drowsy or sleepy .
How to draw the toolbar
The climatic diversity is more in northern region.
Uma Bharati ducks into the cockpit .
you are sick or disabled
Oxfam, Save the Children -
In this extremely complicated geometric models have been made.
Cannot find file in the zip archive
An application wants access to '%s', but it is locked
“a soldier in each son.”
Scan for new Removable Media
they had large families and they had relatively short lives.
Layout and start transforming window group
Specify the maximum tiles for interest area.
This is just an excerpt
Error (%s) converting data for child, dropping.
His contribution to prosperity of mystical poetry is extremely important
Leaflet SD1 from October 2000.
This was is popularly known as the Battle of Panipat
At first, it was going very well.
to the next level of citizen response,
vasringatan t c ( district collector)
India's other cities are Mumbai, Koltakata, and Chennai.
Hand-to-mouth - is 2.6 trillion.
South Manchester Community Drugs Team
even a fraction of you in the audience today
We have to be responsible
Come to me and tell me what it is.
Import/export settings for OI Notepad.
to share this pioneering diagnostic approach
and situations and in conversations
Advanced Materials and Processes Research Institute
Please select an image for this contact
when there is nothing civil about it.
Cannot spawn a message bus without a machine-id:
pakisthan is a developing nation
Configuring the network with DHCPv6
and provide an incomplete, or even a misleading,
to be healthy, and to have a successful life.
BMP image has bogus header data
in a lot of people's heads.
buried in the hills somewhere in North America -
Cannot append message to folder '%s'
Whether the widget is part of a composite widget
List the installed relocatable schemas
1996 Paris Open - Singles
“ Good morning , ” said the little prince .
and it's why you see their child mortality numbers
Double click on the package name.
Help towards rent and council tax
it is coated with one of these
The address is on page 91 .
Data could not be read (%s)
So, the match was ended in between.
Now the way that plants transmit that information
back in my tiny suitcase.
Happiness came on god's face by watching this seen.
“ No … you needn ' t.
when they looked upon the world, and I asked them,
A MAC address must be entered.
Where Can Parents Get Help ?
The banks are only too willing to lend .
Phong Nha-Ke Bang National Park
She died on 2 March,1949.
Trained at a young age to capitalize,
If you increase the speed of each of these rotors,
one is macca,and other one is madina
but he was born there,
Whether tabs should have homogeneous sizes
I'll tell you what that theory was soon enough.
Text to appear on the tooltips
We only have a million galaxies, right?
Akbar is an Brave men
They are the basis of our many research projects .
For what defines humanity, perhaps biologically,
You have it wrong. You've missed it.
List of counties in Indiana
Couldn't find symbol '%s' in a dynamic library
How do I do a check ?
On Her Majesty's Secret Service (film)
Go to mathematics memory activities against Tux
initiating sex with my husband;
Sanskrit is the mother of all Indian languages.
And now perhaps - perhaps - you do too.
In fact, if we look at the genetic code,
absolute awareness and knowledge and wisdom
that classical music is for everybody. Everybody.
Secession one group one new state build.
I was told last year
This matter will be able to do with take one
- middle/right click buttons disabled
on how that machine works.
You removed your device too soon!
The diameter of the ground is standard.
Set disk cache size in bytes
Incomplete multibyte sequence in input
and reduce overall blood pressure.
to get these kids turned on.
300 dpi, draft, grayscale, black + color cartridge
What percentage of people's friends on Facebook
95. Must buys of Bikaner inclde Bikaneri sweets and Bhujia
noise from traffic, aircraft and railways.
living in the Middle East -
Customize and control Google Chrome
like this it is pronounced like “”a-uu“” or “”AA-uu“”
He should respect tradition .
Great War depicting love for the motherland.
And he lighted his lamp again .
of what there is to love.
which will transport them to the base hospital.
<click here to select a date>
History of medern hindi literature.
This is no hypothetical question.
Stage 4(a): Listing the hazards.
After the country reported very impressive statistics on telephones,
Are you sure you want to clear all your responses?
Toxic metals, like Zinc, Lead, Cadmium and Copper.
No physical volume defined in volume group
So it was absolutely gigantic.
This page is accessing your camera.
Tell me what's wrong. I can't understand you.
CO2 is the exhaling breath of our civilization, literally.
And we know that the issue
Flag of Trinidad and Tobago
goes out the window -
George Washington Carver says all learning
Now, another thing is the sensory issues.
Both the sides' combined army strength was 18 Akshauhini|
Egypt is far more important.
In the country more than 40,000 units are set up.
Set the terminal's zoom factor (1.0 = normal size)
excise duty on jute products was cut in the budget.
Never prompt or autorun/autostart programs when media are inserted
Parts of this PDF document could not be displayed.
Go back to previous question
The world has to react .
But Shyama died of T.B. in the year 1936.
New windows use the default layout
whether it is the trick we saw at the party,
Whether Java Applet support through <applet> should be enabled
Every diamond counts as two triangles.
sindu ( Indus) is the important river in this place
I think it's a crazy idea, completely crazy.
And we're finally able to use this technology
Trans Hi-trans:for hindi roman nagiri is used and modified accordingly.
living pretty much like our ancestors lived
We will overtake China by 2034.
Rakshasa , demons of ugly and deformed shapes .
I'd set aside three weeks for this project,
Traffic Safety and Environment Division,
Treats a sequence of modifier keys as a key combination
He turns off the engines.
Are you sure you want to leave the network “{0}”?
Don't prompt for user confirmation
Well, first of all, we're all incredibly good-looking -
Hindu festivals -LRB- p . 258 -RRB- .
And this guy has to come to the net.
It often bears curiously shaped horns above in front .
in the form of stories, symbols and rituals,
but he has left behind a message.
Ask him/her to see his/her status
whether the professionals, the real professional helium physicists,
Leaflets and where you can get them
that what people want is freedom
So we prowl from house to house
Recording - Choosing the Input Source
from those butterflies who are designed to learn.
'Vayaapak Brahma Sabnimem Akei, Ko Pandit Ko Jogi'.
It is losing on ideology as well as ideas .
He couldn ' t have been wrong .
His Mausoleum is scared to his followers.
Failed to open saved state file: %s
from Eastern Europe to Central Asia -
in a wing of the building
India at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Rescan VST effects next time Audacity is started
face the sea, their back to the street,
These gave him some solace no doubt .
Show process 'CPU %' column on startup
45 to 90 minutes a day
and spent an hour talking about the learning process,
.After reaching village called prayog, ram met Muni Bahratwaj
Brihanmumbai Electric Supply and Transport
Nyquist returned too many audio channels.
Windows that should wobble when mapped
that whenever we learn something from people
Despite being illiterate Akbar loved artists and scholers.
we are not talking about.
Here are just some pictures of the factory.
You can send them inside buildings like this
DAINIK JAGARAN E - PAPER
Please call 999 only in emergencies .
you see students who took a little bit extra time
“ D ' you think so ?
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
and see that I'm not doing anything,
Rename the “%s” folder to:
Report any issues/bugs you mind find to lp:switchboard
We know that people will work from wherever they want,
How do you want to manage upgrades on this system?
India's Hindi saturated Ram poetry
Click <b>Change password</b> to change your password.
Uttra was married to Abhimanyu
are seen so often in adults
Higher level qualification in Playwork include :
quite as easy to find as the foreign books.
Village power generation (A Power House)
these are instructional cue devices.
Error while saving %s.ini: %s
Enable Instant for faster searching
What happened to Sally ?
Sehgal or Sahgal or Saigal or Saigol
<click here to select a folder>
WHY WORK WITH CHILDREN ?
And then there's the problem of anonymous shell companies.
that I normally end up weeping into a pillow.
and took my bike helmet,
What do you think is its game plan ?
Push this idea a little bit forward.
A user with the username '%s' already exists
81% of the citizens of Nepal follow Hinduism.
Ambalika :2nd wife of Bichitrabirya,she is sister
Non-negligible, so we don't live in an entirely local
The device type is not currently supported.
Binding to select the previous input source
It was always the same question .
Construct a more advanced search
nideshak, Movie maker shows his videos to U tube viewer
You need to configure Hamachi before you can connect.
Health diagnosis which can save your life
Food, if you come to the Barefoot College,
Disable per application sorting in the launcher.
But even more than that,
2005 civil unrest in France
Allocate extra space for the child in vertical axis
It's head office is Taiwan
His room was curtained off into compartments .
How many different options will there be to test ?
The server closed the connection without sending any data.
Buying a used car from a dealer
Source: Indian Food and Cooking
The legs are rather long , straight and strong .
change in outer shape (are they flat?)
Later , start to practise crossing busier roads together .
Nideshak,movie maker show their video to you tuber.
I went around 'my world.'”
disease and cancer is an Asian diet.
Choose the action from the context menu of the package.
Failed to run book factory
So I stepped back from the workforce,
So did our political problems.
Disconnect the file sync service from your personal cloud
In this attack two soldiers and a civilian died.
Create or edit search folder definitions
And she wrote a beautiful song.
He has made many records in batting.
List of High Courts of India
<span size=“small” color=“blue” underline=“single”>Tell me more</span>
Years 1 and 2 <s> 1 hour a week
Press %{SEARCH_KEY} to send commands to %{EXTENSION_NAME}
Could not register the application
1964: America had small families and long life;
He was always worried with whats unjust in Tarza-A-Japha
Are you sure you want to poweroff '%s'?
so that the clean water can be collected.
about 25 of us from about 10 different countries,
to globally police operations like this.
For those who can't walk,
Successfully stored client certificate issued by $1%{ISSUER}.
Enable mnemonics (such as Alt+F to open the File menu)
Please only add files with video content
but she can articulate it many different ways.
Turns out to be a little bit higher.
Oh , grant me grace .
“ A month ? ”
The Amazing Race (U.S. TV series)
Is Tajmahal Shiv's temple in reality?
hundreds of long interviews, focus groups.
is our fear that we're not worthy of connection,
for interacting with those pixels?
“ Good-bye , ” said the boy .
But once he takes his medicines he 's okay .
if we can't treat ourselves kindly.
The FHSA aims to :
Please send this report to the program maintainer, thank you!
20 . These improvements are a good start .
Then Lord Krishna told him Partha (Arjun)
Open address in new tab
there are huge deposits of copper, mica, emerald etc.
you may be wondering why I'm clapping.
This pertains to Panchayats and inter-alia provides that :
The bad news is that's not true.
So let's pull up, now, something else.
Fixed position elements create stacking contexts.
I'm saying, “Please blow up.”
Fields were manured and irrigated in various ways .
Paid for up to 18 weeks
But one never knows where to find them .
GDM (GNOME Display Manager) is not running.
Why do we need specimens ?
Friday was a holiday .
Qamar-ud-din Khan, Asif Jah I
From there he accepted Ramadan as his guru
Boom! This is what happened.
Access your personal game history.
you can state it in a way
I … I want to live … ”
No Hindi Text Provided Here
Get catalog x of y
Whatever the expression, it was not very nice.
[%s:%u] Invalid channel map '%s'.
It's an article about a theater performance,
taken of garment factories in Guangdong Province
as illustrated by the questions -
“ I shall not leave you . ”
according to whether we're running along these six directions
Send current document by mail, instant message...
because the surgeon has performed a major operation
Please wait while importing the theme...
Failed to get sink information: %s
Moves flat review to the previous item or word.
They will give you free advice on energy efficiency.
Uncaught error validating install parameters: %s
And essentially what Bayes did
He then did what his own conscience dictated .
Google pages is a free tool by Google
Subhashbabu made a plan to escape from informal arrest.
Most of his creations have now been included as songs.
resources for buying drugs that you really do need
The lines on the bottom, the blue and the red,
Other articles does not relates to power distribution
Editing IPv6 routes for %s
GCONF_DISABLE_MAKEFILE_SCHEMA_UNINSTALL is set, not uninstalling schemas
Can't add notifications to a local configuration source
And actually it's called Temple Grandin,
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority
-LRB- a -RRB- The matter must be definite .
Our shared spaces can better reflect what matters to us
life of mahadevi was that of a saint
And the answer is no.
We got a lot of things right.
Inspired by the Ramayana, Maithilisharan Gupt wrote “”Panchawati“” and “”Saket“”.
in a sort of easy way,
Source: Indian dishes and Pakistan art
That he was a Communist … ”
Always allow this site to use this microphone
Select the calendars to search for meeting conflicts
Cannot search with no active calendar
Himalaya photo from outer space.
Error creating directory '%s': %s
It would be their airplane tails.
to care about the wrong things:
Separate words by | (without space)
interacting in a very lifelike way
you are caring for someone who is ill or disabled
So if this was happening,
Jiminiya Branch. (Jiminiya is another branch of Samved)
Performs left click on current flat review item.
Could not remove emblem with name '%s'.
List of airports by IATA code
I hate this tea . ”
Disable incognito windows and deleting history
Allow insecure connection (Required for servers that don't support SSL)
Save Current Settings as Default
“ The religion here forbids it . ”
There will be no dearth of bullets -RRB- . ”
Roy expected the RDP to play that role .
Unicode provides a unique number for every character ,
“ Pull yourself together !
Can't create window of class %s
DIB Header: Encoding doesn't match bitdepth.
Later on Forward Block became an independent party automatically.
Rajasthan - Different informations about Rajasthan
Manage your synced data on the Google Dashboard
in small phonemes, you know - just little hmm, hmm-hmm.
of the great American philosopher, Morgan Spurlock,
I had a sense of, wow,
Failed to start remote access service.
Implement controls at the CCPs .
For three days, almost all the newspapers of Beirut
Nor did he take sides .
During that time, you haven't thought about
We specialise in studying biological diversity .
I have a little acorn here
I've become rather concerned about
%s: %d: No such file or directory
Template:Administrative divisions of Georgia (country)
Must specify one or more directories to get subdirs from.
a request for a synchronous execute transaction has timed out.
that starts the food economy moving.
Commands rang in her mind : Now … now !
and doesn't have to stay home.
Practise division, until all the cards are gone.
Alignment of the actor's content
Any loss of earnings you have suffered .
within national borders or across national borders,
Brief Ramayan and Mahabharat written by R.C. Datta in 1899
And you barely might be able to make out
is it's a new kind of arousal.
my own personal dilemmas and questions,
Please enter a password to encrypt this certificate file.
Didn't understand ‘%s' (expected integer)
really stands at the crossroads of sculpture, painting and installation,
He was afraid of her thoughts .
but my goodness, they're highly effective mechanisms for doing so.
modeled after the hind leg of a cheetah,
Children under five cannot cope with traffic .
she has also done caricature
Enable new network configuration handlers
This is its nature .
This man, for example, Mullah Mustafa,
Are you sure you want to leave the network “{0}”?
And I think if we could get kids
Width of process 'PID' column
A graphical frontend for Hamachi.
And the fundamental answer is that
It's my side job, if you want.
they use it for self-interest.
Comment on this item <s> Name
before they send them off,
Port must be greater than 0.
So here you see the robot
A man is great by deeds, not by birth.
Be happy. It's one way of being wise.
things that we think are obvious.
Windows that should be affected by focus blur
A filesystem target must be specified
Whether to enable debug for the playback engine
the inertia, which governs angular motion,
Disconnect from %s and create a new hotspot?
This we can call Dollar Street.
towards a renaissance in Africa.
She was touted as the next dream girl .
Use custom font name for language panel
but they prioritize their profits in other destructive ways too.
Choose the type of importer to run:
Poisoning elements, like lead, cadmium and copper.
Indian movie studios, Bollywood, is also present in Mumbai only.
If I were to ask you,
Even in the slums of India
is akin to believing in fairies
Red value of a pure white on your LED stripes.
Total Mahabharath is divided into 18 volumes|
Walk the dog. Have sex again.
Trust this CA to identify web sites.
blocked sink, bath or basin; 3 days
The camera does n't show it .
Purchase a physical CD from Magnatune
this is 60 feet wide and 80 feet high
Actually, you cannot be tone deaf. Nobody is tone deaf.
could actually benefit from emergencies.
So then they had 18 camels.
Photos where you will need a brief moment to think
Cunstruction of Rajastan was done because of their wiseness
in the three vertices of this triangle,
If YES to one, claim Industrial Injuries Disablement Benefit.
Unable to open the calendar '%s'.
documented by Martin Gardner in many of his many books.
with their feet in the water.
I then put him to bed, tucked him in,
“ What ' s going to happen next ? ”
Describe your new note here.
The direction the arrow should point
Karma to be considered as the moral basis of Man
In another yearbook, I stumbled upon Barry Obama's picture.
starting (version %s), pid %u user '%s'
You know, you once wrote, I like this quote,
Criteria for search bar searching
we concluded that groups of children
Nairu,Christoff,Ad.Broadcast of Mobile: an essay of information and people,2003.
Premchand's narrative literature first gained him fans.
Afterwards Subhashbabu met Vitthalbhai Patel in Europe.
It was a historic day .
packaged in a more exciting competition event.
Could not add calendar time zone:
India still has a long way to go
Died on 18 January 2006 at Mumbai
What stops people getting to key places ?
He round them with his bare feet .
It's what the money motivates,
Or has one parent died and :
for talking to a man who wasn't related to her.
and do not actually develop these therapies,
Show disk view 'Available' column on startup
The single most serious constraint was power .
This applies if the goods cost more than £100 .
and therefore allowed to begin endless negotiations with the IMF
many of the bet is on famous building
The animal may die in three to four days .
is that babies are sensitive to the statistics,
It includes the most revered book of Hindus -Bhagwat Gita.
In Kabul , both of them were complete strangers .
and they'll give birth to a healthier child,
Please edit this group name
His contemporaries looked upon him as God Himself .
Group could not be deleted
So chemists got to work,
Russian Social Democratic Labour Party
who are about to become
6,000 sacred monuments torn apart to dust and ashes,
And we have to disenthrall ourselves of some of them.
by number of books sold, mentions in media,
The flooring of cattle-sheds should be pucca .
I don't know where we are now.
that it becomes banal or routine.
Editing template '%s' - File '%s'
in a truly multicultural, pluralistic world
history a very important task
They simply don't have a conventional military option.
Use your influence in support of comprehensive sustainable change everywhere.
In fact, while we drove 140,000 miles,
Storm chasing is a very tactile experience.
and what you want is the best for your kids.
Compensation from noise from aerodromes
And that's felony murder -
Indian states ranking by households having electricity
So one of the characteristic problems of our time
Faces , voices , words .
Makes Ekiga call the given URI
Her half-open lips made a faint smacking sound .
Less juice, which means keeping herself or himself
What ' s going on ?
%S of %S - %T left (%S/sec)
along the transverse axis of the shoe.
Save the selected messages as a text file
this was played in braborne stadium
The White Swan Inn, Monmouth
Now here comes the radical experiment.
all these films were superhit at box office.
of the top of the tree canopy.
Please download %s from the OpenIntents website.
Jaisalmer. This is heart of desert.
{0} joined the network {1} and {2} other network
of some extremely intrepid men and women
And it was here that I met Jane.
Kids grow up and become adults just like you.
2. Provide political stability to country
The human-readable title of this item group
Throughout this booklet we refer to:
Make it a part of your dinner and cocktail conversations.
How to use this free space:
to the failure of the DMCA
Allow %{PRODUCT_FRAME_NAME} to handle the following content types.
as our technical capabilities improve.
Display reminders in notification area only
Computers have become an essential tool for farm management.
Diwan-e-Khas, the king's personal conference chamber.
Topic: Prime Minister of India
Start the story with the arrows of the Native Americans,
Can't handle version %d of GVfsIcon encoding
it isn't like cloning a system.
In some ways, art can change the world.
Query the state of the screensaver
This is to read by keeping our face towards mecca.
List of national parks of India
“ One goes to see it ? ”
you can't remember things including where you parked your car.
Will it be under $20?
Winning is not everything, but the effort to win is.
whose kinky hair could not form ponytails,
The history of modern Hindi poetry
Whether the items should be displayed with a number
Only answer this question if the following conditions are met:
So, I was interested in these two rollers,
1.Any person and organization is come this with public spirit
Hate the sin, love the sinner.
INDIRA GANDHI MONUMENT , NEW DELHI
Failed to create an anonymous pipe
So does all this matter? Or is globaloney
“Sunitha, you have so much of contacts.
Publishing to %s can't continue because an error occurred:
There are Four Area in Pakistan:-
The number of decimal places to display
And it's a kind of water body for all seasons.
Confusion <s> There are two types of confusion.
besides honouring Hindi writers from non-Hindi speaking areas .
And that's some responsibility .
who cannot raise enough food or sell food
you need to be giving and sharing.
Some phone have touch screen.
Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.
A package manager is working
Vivekananda was born on January12, 1863
An interesting question arises from the above discussion .
13. We will continually review our standards of service.
which comprises 5 percent of India's gross domestic product.
European Coal and Steel Community
Clear the Recent Documents list?
But a huge difference between Afghanistan and Sri Lanka.
There could be no socialism before independence . . ..
All states were ruled by Raja maharaja excluding ajamer state
Biological ; eg salmonella in chicken ;
It has its own external prosthetic devices,
Uttar Pradesh assembly ellection, 2007,
and turning it into knowledge that we can act upon.
DER or PEM certificates (*.der, *.pem, *.crt, *.cer)
Mark the selected messages for deletion
Cannot create local cache folder '%s'
Uncaught error validating hardware input: %s
It soon becomes playful and active .
Yes we can. We can do it.
There are other 25 prophets are described in Koran.
we're in fact setting ourselves up
I mean, technology, politics, business
Backup and restore Evolution data and settings
but you know why we need all of those innovations
Do I need to do anything?
which is basically a film box.
This is Sweden, 1830, when my great-great-grandma was born.
gets in contact with the network,
But he took courage once more .
where you can source from anywhere
Or in 2009, my great friend,
Musharraf could break up without a change of political leadership.
Unexpected HTTP status code %d returned (%s)
Whether strikethrough attribute is set
all you have to do is understand the mythology
Automatically improve the photo's appearance
Textile manufacture during the Industrial Revolution
Today , about 800 such families live here .
Type must have enum - long conversion
even when judged by the most expert people.
The name of her father was Rattan Singh.
Disco - 1m in front of loudspeaker
Are you sure you want to quit?
Udunpur is Purvadesa -LRB- p . 81 -RRB- .
So the first day we get to New York,
But, you know, our stories are like this
Require additional authorization to unlock
Technically penis is an organ of penetration of mammals,
doesn't care whether genes are passed on by individuals,
generic: include all available drivers
And through a long road,
A Tale of Two Cities
[design tools to help you ...]
but we do need to get serious about it.
and I was tutoring my cousins in New Orleans, remotely.
It'll never happen again in India,
we say, “Oh, this is all you.”
But if there is someone here
Crocodiles found in Ganga river.
Khadi and Village Industries Commission
They fancy themselves as important as the baobabs .
that our minds are just these perfectly translucent windows
Letting Rooms in Your Home (92 HUG 219)
that many times investors would ask this question -
The school must agree this beforehand. <s> Discipline and behaviour
%{PRODUCTNAME} can now sync your passwords.
that there must be one right food to eat.
Layout of the buttons close button on the right/left?
Whether the icon-size property has been set
These vowels are given for Sanskrit
He still hesitated a little ;
Department of Trade and Industry
has a systematic advantage over Country 2
I would ask that you reconsider,
Not a valid ZIP code
Audacity could not find file: %s. Theme not loaded.
in the United States and Canada,
pointing to a new form of production: peer-to-peer production.
Customize the appearance of toolbars and menubars in applications
with the culture of one right answer
Mainly these part are given more importance:
Jamii Bora understands that and understands
You have just inserted a Picture CD.
The server unexpectedly closed the connection.
ICC international in cricket game men and women selected
Please download Hamachi and follow the installation instructions.
Don't show on this page
there are three 3 literature in hindi
We are responsible for the effort, not the outcome.
The item could not be sent!
Indian Institute of Technology Hyderabad
that aren't very democratic, but supported by the United States.
Eastern Front (World War II)
I disagree with this argument, and for two main reasons.
Pragmatic Chaos, like all Netflix algorithms,
Because that's where the real work of government happens.
Could not parse PGP message
this is where I would say, “I rest my case.”
What are you entitled to expect from the inspectors ?
1991: Hitoshi Igarashi, Japanese translator of The Satanic Verses *
and they're reflecting on my glasses.
Jay could come to me,
Determines pixel width of Search window; stored on Tomboy exit.
We have to take all those ideas
Entry into freedom struggle and work.
Impossible , I tell you .
The fear is no longer fear.
On your way to the airport,
It was a very revolutionary time.
A kind of vague humanism appealed to me .
Now they might have liked to have done that here,
No database available to save your configuration
Color profile has invalid length %d.
Could not load General user interface.
go to people out of the Western Universities,
People have very different aptitudes.
But Gandhiji was not agreeable to break his own promise.
Please correct this from the partitioning menu.
It is compulsory that every Muslim should accept this.
This is better than waiting to deposit the bills.
the most frequently occurring sign in the script.
and there are many which fit this paradigm.
Gita Rahasya - Bal Gangadhar Tilak
Apply biting pressure with clean gauze to stop bleeding .
Write fields without conversion. Used with -batch.
Everyone is just a little bit mad.
Four main classes were- Brahman, Khstriya, Vaishya, and Sudra.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers.
Provisional government of free India
The noise it makes !
He stopped the religion conversion among the was prisoners.
Why didn ' t he speak ?
It's around us all the time.
This does not belong to you.
Share the same input method among all applications
It was better to hold your tongue .
And when you've got interest, then you have education.
was to provide a mathematical way
Are you sure you want to add this device?
To remove %s, these items must be removed as well:
but we should also remember
(Video) Man: Oh, my God.
Time is always positive for those who toil.
I'm not interested in filming the violence and the weapons.
“ That ' s not true .
Two years ago, I was the highest-rated lecturer
Unfortunately, they're almost half German,
We have secularized badly, I would argue.
(1) Trigeved- it has useful mantra's compilation for Hotuverg.
Don't expect anything original from an echo.
I didn't know what it meant,
the tamper-proof drug industry was invented.
Configure the required domain name for remote access hosts
A golden amulet was tied on his right arm.
CNN's Pesidential debates on Yotube
One team have 11 player.
Selections of poems composed in Hindi Urdu and Sanskrit
Incompatible factory version; creating a new instance.
This things can be seen in surajgad.
dependency problems - leaving unconfigured
Cannot clone unmanaged remote storage.
Unknown game or game is running a different version
Attention deficit disorder, bipolar disorder.
St Mary's Roman Catholic Church, Monmouth
from one jurisdiction to another -
Source file is missing a [%s] group
The first annual all-women-and-girls race for empowerment,
was a sense of courage.
Number of frames consider for smoothening (0 to 30)
Every period has its own cause celebre .
and I'm really looking forward to a time
It's not just about life, of course -
So we can also generate instructions
The next few years marked a period of depression .
User name and password do not match!
from Nagaland in the east,
Have fun with that. It's very exciting.
The width of the mesh, in pixels.
So, as we're told that we should all be leaders,
Default search provider search URL
Success Criteria 1.4.7 of WCAG 2.0: Pass
So there are two really remarkable things about this.
Do you need permission to make improvements?
attempting words that not even I could remember,
Couldn't load settings from TaskCoach.ini: %s
He continued to be lost in deep meditation .
those wires can take that current.
ham, as in bad actor.
Invading and taking over of the Election centres, false votes.
to do their clerical jobs.
%s: Cannot safely open %s
which makes this motor spin.
although they must have solved some collective action problems;
It ' s quite easy - look ! ”
is that this plant mimics another orchid
the organisation 's committee members should be elected ;
Evolution is currently offline because the network is unavailable.
Girl: Are you ready? Audience: Yes!
1 hour in the future
Storms make trees take deeper roots.
of potential happiness and suffering.
and you may say, by the way, “Look, I'm good.
Default mode used for window resizing
Where can I get work permit application forms ?
And you can see at the top of the screen,
Therein lies the danger .
Because everyone was a hero.
to come together and run next to each other?
Learning between grown ups and kids
List of airports by IATA code: U
And I was struck by just how wonderful it felt,
Cleanliness and light are a section of Diwali.
Please choose *only one* of the following:
Couldn't allocate memory for header
of these two enormous disciplines that humanity has.
Unable to display the contents of this folder.
In India , the elephant was employed in tiger-hunts .
One Valmiki Ramayan along with English,
You should allow time for this to happen.
Thread the message-list based on Subject
'%s' is not a mailbox file.
cardiovascular disease, diabetes, hypertension -
but I never have the decency to honor their names.
Error while loading the project.
most of whom make less than two dollars a day.
The poet has described this triveni as evil remover.
And, consequently, most people - I think most people
So this decentralized, demystified approach
and the amount of climate emissions
2. Sur implemented love, passion and calmness in his poetry.
It's interface is available in Hindi also.
Whose original name is Tejo Mahalaya.
What kinds of places are they from ?
by far than any other animal.
Unable to install GRUB in ${BOOTDEV}
Shia people go on Mourning for 10 days.
you are a lone parent
that gave us time to read books.”
Whether to print the document with highlighted syntax
Let's look to the plays of Shakespeare,
need to be accompanied by a mystical feeling?
the small worlds ignored by the media
Children make merry by lighting crackers & other fireworks.
it never has to be outdated.
Now, at the same time,
There are pillars on equal distance where are defense coloum.
Remove a profile from the device
/etc/crypttab configuration data is malformed
to consider taking the third side,
Sometimes there was no words,
The Koran declares that it comes
Due to this,Mumbai was ahead of Kolkata in population.
Start Haguichi minimized in the notification area
Allow session only cookies on these sites
we knew there were plants there; the colors change, right?
Automatically open screenshot in this application
1945, it's still most places.
%{HOST} wants to use your camera and microphone.
past 10 years, and this may be the first
All your base are belong to us
Now he had become a sensation and a curiosity .
so intelligent in many ways
Simulation of data DVD copying
And crows and other corvidae, ravens, rooks and so forth,
“ Paul - ” came out of the darkness .
even more access suffused into spaces.
Real glory springs from the silent conquest of us.
where the mafia sometimes bury the garbage under the ground.
And feet in the water will develop fungus,
We hold specimens from all over the world .
that everything was laid out before me.
And when you layer that over
Waking on the Mountain they complete his journey.
This newspaper is published from the following 31 centers
we found these dung cakes,
some of the excellent raw fundamentals -
And we get the whole pattern here of the world,
Because crime is a product of a distorted mind.
document unselected from cursor position
superimposed on top of a NASA geospatial image.
I felt like I needed to understand better.
KA: By being totally surprising and humorous,
New Deal for Lone Parents
Lists of Indian film industries
Because I realized that the state of the African continent
You have , I know , confidence in me .
Warning: Failed to determine channel map from file.
The following surveys should be deleted
Akbar and Birbal in world press
Remind of current activity every:
Why then did Italy attack her ?
Address has bits set beyond prefix length
This is memorial of initial Mogal emperor's architecture.
Write to them, detailing your complaint.
Key to use for motion left.
Well right now, as you can see,
that I have over there.
Anti-social behaviour by landlord 's agent 5
After that Japan announced the full scale attack on China.
Okay how about famous ones?
This was constructed by Akbar in the Year 1565.
in the titles of TV programmes .
it's just hard to listen;
the way their audiences think.
hinduwiki.com - a Wiki webpage about Hindu religion.
Budhi Ram Dubey Mahila Mahavidyalaya
Must specify a key to lookup size of.
SK: Los Altos, it was kind of crazy.
And so therefore whatever cultural variation there is
The chest is wide and the legs are short .
Translation of Srimad Bhagwat Geetha in simple Hindi.
plugin %s does not install, skipping
The oldest temple of saint Manu is located here .
any security precautions we can build.
List of configured LDAP servers
Ram gave speech to people they say thanks.
you are caring for someone who is ill or disabled
The participants will receive the following notification.
This has been situated at the bank of river Bhaghamathi.
Pressing <key>Ctrl</key> can find your mouse pointer.
Microsoft Indic language Input Tool (Beta)
Click to hide month calendar
Automatically unlock whenever I'm logged in
Shape actor with alpha channel when picking
Whether to display a fill level indicator graphics on trough.
and that translates to “aru meen,”
Subsidiaries of Shell and Eni
“ What do you mean ?
I don ' t know , though .
What kind of improvements can you get compensation for ?
the deepening of its democracy.
It was built in 1653.
Could not parse shade factor “%s” in shaded color
to make a fundamental breakthrough.
So he wants a probe into the note .
Perhaps sometimes, this is the reason for the prostatic deceases.
for the world in general,
by horses, by yak, by truck, by hitchhiking,
Muni Puni ke ras lekh |
blind, ign'ant - still am.
(3) Samved- it has useful mantra compilation for Yagyanuthan's Udaartuverg.
we'll find this mysterious string
telling students do this, do that.
And the stuff that is in the yellow color,
Monmouth Fire and Rescue Station
Tar compressed with compress (.tar.Z)
Where Can Parents Get Help?
Grade :Bharat is a country
List of World Heritage in Danger
But, what perhaps some of you don't realize
otherwise, compassion is just a word and a dream.
Windows Central European (CP 1250)
Rebooting into your new system...
A water diviner is a professional.
Effect of the Backspace key
but I've really learned to appreciate them.
Aadam is called adam in Christian
Now comes the green movement -
Such claims are done for a number of famous buildings.
Do you observe anything? <s> Be cautious.
An error occurred while trying to set up sync.
Always trust keys in my keyring when encrypting
Interval of printed line numbers (0 means no numbers)
HTML Export All Linked Notes
Later, he completed his degree in Law at Cambridge University.
Not enough RAID partitions available
“Look, the Chevy - he's coming this way.”
X Server Login Window Preferences
If you are refused credit you have certain rights .
As you can see here,
Convert resource links and INSERTANS fields?
Insufficient memory to open JPEG 2000 file
Gautan Budhha was promoter of Buddha religion.
Have you got the facts right ?
Theme active in “Selected only” mode
in a virtual Abraham path run,
<b>%s</b> has proposed the following task assignment changes:
Start differentiating into effector and memory cells.
National Institute of Technology, Silchar
The island of Car Nicobar has been over populated .
And I'd say, “I don't believe that.”
that we all experience so often
Check for new messages on start
“ Nothing is perfect , ” sighed the fox .
If they do, you should tell your council.
They should be sent to :
Throwing the bomb on the assembly.
He was in favour of a determined offensive .
He was never to look back again .
praise, admiration and thank you,
All discrimination based on race must go .
So it's a big design job,
I'll give you a couple seconds.
the political impact of these incidents were important.
He took it very hard .
However , it is all a wild conjecture .
The law makes it an offence to :
Bruhat Mumbai Nagarpalika's official website
I understand that somebody began to rend a song.
What percentage of that was accounted for
It was built by Akabar in year 1565.
Rashkhan,Rahim etc. Ganga effect also has the beautiful description!
imagine learning to ride a bicycle,
scientist, something or the other.
Seth Gyaniram Bansidhar Podar College
But that was only part of the story .
have to go through two adolescencies.
Cannot find active dialup connection: %s
Repairs which are not completed 8
The CCPs are monitored .
But sometimes things will go wrong.
Check that they have the right video codecs installed.
In RSS circles , Modi has another minus point .
Uttar Pradesh now has 71 Districts and 18 Mandals.
These impacts are coming everyone's way.
And for me, atheism 2.0
In the sorrow of Ram, king Dasharat died
So they had to go and find the women
we can see in real time
a strong sense of love and belonging
in the field of aerodynamics
Is that non-violence ? ”
2 States: The Story of My Marriage
Also see the Hindi-Wiki Dictionary.
to focus on the positive somehow.
Could not save monitor configuration
I understand where you are coming from.
to make a bank loan.
You're driven to do something
I know John's story very well
and I wanted to get published.
out on the front lines.
Application supplied widget for custom previews.
This certificate is not viewable
and that red button that says, “Stop.”
These are acid radicals and inducemetabolicketoacidosis .
AG: If you lose a bit of weight.
No <drawops> with the name “%s” has been defined
Failed to retrieve text of RAS error message
getting laid-off; laying-off people -
But that is not what he is after .
Miracle on the Han River
It is best to do it in writing .
The Executive department is lower than the management.
And how long do we have to bring United States
So this is what I learned.
But before I show you what I've got inside,
This is because of technology. Yeah.
Specify a several-line description to go in a schema.
reflect on their lives, and share their personal aspirations
So this is the kind of coordination
An ordinary clinical thermometer is used for the purpose .
There was a hoarse shout upstairs .
Approximately it is 171 meter (561 feet) above sea level
.One Nokia Phone with the box.thumb
At the beginning it's very uniform.
It is helping the NHS to:
List of Governors of Maharashtra
Tentatively in 1000 B.C., small states/towns were formed
are to make people feel secure.
The web context for the view
Show/hide cursor on tablet devices
Display the part as an addressbook contact
List of airports by ICAO code: U
POP3 stores have no folder hierarchy
is thought of as the end of the phrase,
and learn that as a foreign language.
Extra space at the top
Choose Signature File Name for '%s'
and then become a fish in the sea the next.
I mean, it's the people there who are so hardworking,
Like Ka, kha, ga, gha,
Invalid process time specification '%s'
This is a robot that can climb structures.
Adjusts contrast level of the picture coming from the webcam
Manage files on the SD card with OI File Manager.
when you do online banking,
they're very vigorous people, British grandmothers.
Privileges are required to configure the hardware clock.
But that feeling of puzzlement is structural
Command %s not implemented yet
which says that when God created the world,
Prevent app promotions from appearing on the new tab page
Again the government remained inactive .
Buy books as presents instead of toys .
What do we know about the future?
Which means Ramayana must be prior to Gautam budhha period.
Scan error for “%s”, double-click to see details
God will take care of the tomorrow . ”
Akbar and Birbal on Lucknow's blog
on where agriculture was going to take humanity,
Life is not fair; get used to it.
Cannot create new folder ‘%s'
you can see easily with your eye in here.
And actually, that kind of brings an interesting point.
Please download Hamachi and follow the installation instructions.
Somebody from India would know, of course.
the copyability of that content.
The entire continent has been turned into
Failed to write some configuration data to disk
Quiver when incorrect username/password entered
Bacchan was born in Allhabad's Kayasth family.
Grant for facilities for disabled people.
is I'm seeing a lot of smart geeky nerdy kids.
Active devices for the RAID0 array:
In Islam they are called as prophet
would matter to my children and their children.
And IBM, which made them,
Position on the screen of the druid window
People who doodle when they're exposed to verbal information
Spacing between thumb/steppers and outer trough bevel
in whatever job you do,
What is solvent sniffing ?
the access to new contacts, networks and new markets.
Prompt before sending to recipients not entered as mail addresses
It manifests in each individual differently,
who has just started her own business selling hair extensions?
In Mumbai, the average temperature and precipitation (Prassipiteshne) Table of
Illegal Parameter Count for ConstructObject Method
The body of Gurudeo was seriously ill.
It has low fertility and hatchability .
But British government rejected to set him free.
Show process 'Virtual Memory' column on startup
that he was on the correct side of the patient.”
This is not the case .
of approximately one million square kilometers,
or your son can tutor that kid in Calcutta?
What is a home-school agreement?
Disable kiosk applications on the device.
It 's not something you just forget . ”
They were using it on their body.
So if you think of a map of your country,
Select one song only please.
it rises up from passive torsion to active torsion,
The engineering approach does not intervene in any processes.
Your New Right to Repair
guided by a small number of simple principles.
You can't miss it when I tell you what's there.
Whether the statusbar has a grip for resizing the toplevel
And it's abnormal to live in a shelter.
But Gandhiji was not ready to break his promise.
as soon as the website is tried to shut down.
could not get remote address: %s
Isn ' t there one already ? ”
The third set of ideas are what I call as
of people who shared this big inside joke
There was the mother, the grandmother, the best friend -
There are no questions in this survey
But it was really brutal.
I'm using this sculpture material
Central Time - Manitoba & west Ontario
{0} is already a delegate
Additional criteria for work experience
Always allow %{HOST} to show images
it's everything from cell phone cameras to professional SLRs,
$1%{APPNAME} has crashed. Click this balloon to reload the extension.
and they'd say “Obama, he's our brother!”
“ Paul ! ” she silenced him .
and that is that the donor nations
to talk about the world being one, etc.
Exporting selected audio as %s
is that it's okay to let go.
The chassis is made up of about 11,000 components,
Unknown error from SOCKS server
and when I brought them home to Manhattan,
and are spread in the New World.
You Only Live Twice (film)
and they all want a certificate.
because people have no ability to buy it.”
is that they're using that evidence
We're the first in the world
These powers apply to :
Let's start with city hall.
but government played a key role here.
Asking for money without explaining what it is for.
<span weight=“bold” size=“large”>Apply the following changes?</span>
There are policy lessons to be learned relating to :
error writing to ‘%s': %s
Flags with the context of the WebKitHitTestResult
{player} has left the game
Failed to enumerate video modes
A2 420 x 594 mm
List of airports by ICAO code: P
Well, they're already starting talk about this.
Simulation of image to CD burning
On this bridge that's in Monrovia,
the detector will actually activate two out of three times.
or just simply to run.
Incomplete metadata for this CD
The critics point to the 500 billion dollars spent
But he was influenced by Marx, and was a Socialist.
than either generation had experienced before,
Tilt of the ellipse around y axis
These animals can thrive under poor conditions of feeding .
but it keeps constant temperature.
Additional criteria for work experience
They are stories with a twist.
Answer options were successfully saved.
The Rai Dynasty from Sindh ruled over them (from 489-632).
You're going to see the action, three against three,
And this is the question:
Could not lock '%s': protocol error with lock-helper
the better chance you have of zooming in
and with those therapies, we get them to live,
Click here to attach a file
To continue please press [ENTER]
Backend is not opened yet
But the little prince was wondering …
It might take a moment to load.
Been claiming for a partner?
that she ain't going to have a washing machine?
Error creating backup file: %s
These things were provided by institutions
Updating the list of available packages...
whether we live alone or have a family,
it's strange talks will never end
Health and healthy living: a guide for older people
for the pieces of the puzzle basically.
Help Tux the parachutist land safely
This has to be transformed
Adobe Flash Player camera and microphone settings are different.
Please enter the new password for this network.
%s: Failed forking GDM slave process for %s
Will it be safe to breast feed my baby ?
have ever found yourself worrying about the Middle East
I get to meet all kinds of great people;
and go in places where there were zero museums.
How to claim see page 15.
And I tell them, “It's the study
talk about the story together
I believe that says, “I'm enough,”
Show a blinking cursor in the body of displayed messages
and here are two other pictures -
Click to close the side pane
matraa ganakonline-trnslates all the maatras & scripts of devnagari
Use 802.1X security for this connection
Prompt when mailing list hijacks private replies
“Taraf” broke the Balyoz conspiracy theory on Jan. 22, 2010.
and they ask for protection and guidance from that god.
- Anna Pavlova.(1881-1931), Russian ballerina
It is in the United Kingdom .
Education welfare officers work closely with schools .
again, given other changes in human culture
Amitabh Bachchan is a famous actor.
To find '%s', click here ->
You can probably think of other examples.
or a digital storytelling tool.
Now a lot of people have given up on government.
but the amount of preparation you can do
that other people were pulling mean messages out of
the Atacama Desert in Chile -
Washington D.C (District of Colombia)
is how impressionable and vulnerable we are
This was the booklet for this organization.
Double value '%s' for %s out of range
rather often, is to murder her out of shame?
Lists of cities by country
Whether widget wants more vertical space
Allow executing file as program
Records of the Grand Historian
language covers up the visual thinking we share with animals.
Click here to select folders to post to
to a 12-year-old boy, a football player,
Could not evict member “{0}”
Audacity could not open file: %s for writing.
Is it the number of deaths?
Error: '%s' is not valid argument for '%s' option.
It is of silver adorned with gold.
Keyword must be empty or unique
<b><span size=“large”>There was an error installing the selected
So one citizen helped another citizen,
Would you like to save your changes to this appointment?
Ahonen,Casper and Melcco,3G marketing 2004,ISBN 0-470-85100-7
You can hear animals yammer in the meadows.
'%d' is not a valid channel
Know what changes to look for .
Proposals being brought in Parliament.
List of districts of Pakistan
how come all the rich people are having
add -advanced to your command line to see advanced options.
Aceitha phase three in March 1949
Show map with all contacts from selected address book
we have to cut our family milk budget.
Now, the fundamental basis of neoclassical economics
Then can you tell me what wrong is?
because I couldn't get through school. I struggled with school.
A great victory in the battle near Kharkov .
So streets become more desolate and unsafe,
What about the political system?
Certain species also live at particular depths .
Unfortunately , that may have happened .
Exit the terminal Restart the command Hold the terminal open
Tilt of the ellipse around x axis
Couldn't convert password to UCS2: %d
Media Industry is one larger employer in this place.
Language object to get highlighting patterns from
that's dependent on that oil -
{0} went offline in the network {1}
the question of being a female -
What other help and advice is available.
Do you know what it takes to do this?
in my old neighborhood in Brooklyn a few years ago.
On the contrary, it's a complex metaphysical worldview.
file manager, filemanager, file explorer
You're signed in to Chromium!
- make sure you understand the rules for JSA
but off I went -
Adjust Do's settings, manage plugins, etc.
National Human Rights Commission of India
Participants can save partially finished surveys
Unable to poll %s for media changes
Sometimes woman would enter through that door .
Communist Party of Nepal (United Marxist)
Just think of the proton
” But bakers are more important people than shepherds .
So, I implemented this pen
Not yet implemented, please choose different option.
I really realized my discovery. I have shown
Do you want to overwrite the file “%s”?
The U.S. accounted for 79 percent of total news coverage.
%{LINK_START}Create managed user%{LINK_END} for this device.
Failed to %s dialup connection: %s
Their intention - Propagation of Vedas.
I was always sending messages to my future self
and you might define the ethnosphere
Participant may save and resume later?
Saving to PDF in progress
Click to add a task
Failed to create temporary directory
or being on the hook for contributory infringement.
Till now these Muslims had no connections with Islamic Khalifas.
Donkeys do well in hot and semi-arid areas .
take a look at the training and qualifications you'll need
List of cities and towns in India
Stage 7 : Full system review
I made a hypothesis, a ridiculous hypothesis.
Their is so many names for penis in hindi.
Icon widget to display in the item
The Sessions Court is subordinate to the High Court .
Schools will introduce these agreements from September 1999.
An elementary Hindi translation of Srimad Bhagwat Geeta.
The default font options for the screen
And their original buildings belong to Hindus.
and cry for friends we never had.
He stared at me , thunderstruck .
As he arrived home, the phone rang,
Will I like the color?
That he wanted to travel .
<b>Cannot start the preferences application for your window manager</b> %s
Sanskrit binds the whole India in one thread.
like this goal flag, in simple environments -
Step of Surdas(Basic Lesson of 40 step)(on Wikipedia )
Chromoting on %{HOSTNAME} is out-of-date and needs to be updated.
and then you see on the other side,
But you can also search in the digital world,
This occupies the majority of China.
Worn out locomotives were in operation .
Indian Army during World War II
She has now joined a call center in Hyderabad
to who their neighbors are.
At least, that's how it seems.
You are not allowed to to import a question!
Trying to change to an invalid virtual terminal number.
Failed to authenticate with provided username or password
A . Proper co-ordination and communication will remove confusion .
Width of disk view 'Device' column
until about three years ago.
Move the selected folder out of the trash to “%s”
then in the future we make together,
Which is later known as kalam
%s'%s' has an invalid format
Project check replaced missing aliased file(s) with silence.
Find out about Magnatune at
Any puckering or dimpling of the skin. <s> Feelings.
- list contents of directories in a tree-like format
It is the shop's responsibility to collect them .
This is the income distribution of China, 1970.
CO2 present vayu mandal sandratha is nearly 385.
by people who face conditions like this everyday.
The form signature %{FORM_SIGNATURE} is for %{FORM_URL}.
The Buddha considered compassion as the highest virtue .
The OK button of the dialog.
A four-piece set comes for Rs 100 .
talking about things like gay marriage
Mark the selected messages as important
A guide for landlords -LRB- 97 HC 22813 -RRB-
Ten things you can eat more of:
Bad SSL client authentication certificate.
Indeed these variations must be encouraged and helped .
Hamachi version {0} is obsolete
the rhythm of the dance in every culture.
at the entrance to a cave.”
Hindu, Sanskrit, the language of all worship and religious rites
Failed to skip the next %d byte with seek().
Securities and Exchange Board of India
Parent window of the dialog
My friend smiled gently and indulgently .
Audio cutoff bandwidth (Hz) Optional 0 - automatic
How do you enhance the sensitivity of people to Indian-ness.
This is the sensory part of the program, people.
Enables the experimental wallpaper UI.
And people can smell that, and it feeds cynicism.
The threat of bioterrorism , however , is real .
Tennis at the 2008 Summer Olympics
hundreds of messages from passionate people
negative peer influences. We know why.
So they're bad at getting rid
There's the punk on the ground, puddle of blood.
and not about experiential learning,
They seek help from Soviet Russia
showing just how good babies are
Set to True to show countdown when taking a photo
who was redesigning the waterfront
Ganga is also an important sourse of fishing.
Failed to disconnect and unpair from “%{DEVICENAME}”.
The destination URI where to save the file
Occurrences when an extension was updated
Failed to upload to server, please try again later.
Show 80 bands instead of 20
2003 Mutua Madrileña Masters Madrid
And we are silent about them.
4. Scheduling of the reserve funds.
Which of the following words means fear of people?
Ramayam is a great epic written by poet Valmiki.
and bringing the accountability to the table as well.
I spoke the phrase, and then he laughed
SHEEP are perhaps the meekest of domestic animals .
C6 Envelope, 114 x 162 mm
If you want then type in unicode,or use encoding methods.
your agenda could borrow from,
Find the previous occurrence of the phrase
His first Urdu speech is “”asror mabidh urf devastan rahasy“”.
of the total value, or about 400 dollars in savings.
Do you like the wind ? ”
And that's what I'm here for,
Keep icons sorted by trash time in rows
is to make ourselves as much like the prophet,
and his academic achievement at the same time?
Sunni Islam has 5 pillars
Control fall speed with up and down arrow keys.
Wooden Defense Pad of wartime
Do not feel pressured by this kind of offer .
Indian Institute of Management Bangalore
emergency police is a group,under the Mumbai police
The modifier mask of the accelerator
Could not delete network “{0}”
that we know so little about human wellbeing
Click to go back, hold to see history
Why do they carry on sniffing?
Learning new spam message in '%s'
The New Yorker's take on Middle Eastern political patterns.
and get an explanation from them.
Most members oscillated between these two points of view .
which acts as the communication and computation device.
we can now see that developing babies appear to smile,
I'll call one country Country 1
I wish everyone at TED to know.
Atmosphere of this area have warmness and humidity
%s: Xserver not found: %s
at the age of three and four,
Choose how you would like to install the operating system
Remember, you are not wasting anyone's time.
Local or national support organisations you could contact
Failed to create preferences dialog: %s
Your input can't be opened
News :The whole press conference on antarjaal.
My work also has allowed me to collaborate
can have a paradoxically stimulating effect
At least not in savings bank accounts .
And it went like this:
I found a soul of places.
Cataj,Jems E and AAkhusa,Mark,AIDS incessant contact:Mobile communication,Private talk,public performance,2002
Background color for disk load graph
because not a single drop should go waste in this.
The highest area of city is mountainous north Mumbai
were willing to pool their knowledge,
I think it comes down to planning.
New South Wales - Yancowinna
for this reason krishnas poems are like songs
- trade associations and independent consultancy services can also help;
Look after yourself as well.
In the desert , disobedience means death . ”
The outcome , win or lose
1 Article 54, 55, 73, 162, 241
“Where am I now within my environment?”
But it paid the bills.
big oil, gas and mining operations,
And so on. So I suddenly figured that,
How do you fix a price for a player?
The meaning of Dipavali is the bunch of lantern
It's still with us today.
Humans are free to use any resources available to them.
Setting up Search Folder: %s
when we see where people go for news.
The mandapas are often of the thousand-pillared variety .
Please enter the password for memo list “%s”.
Virtual Machine Manager Connection Failure
Enter the password for ‘%s'
Farabundo Martí National Liberation Front
They lay their eggs in it,
So sustainability is quite important for us,
Do you really want to blank the current disc?
Swami Vivekananda submitted his whole life to his teacher/guruParamahansji
Thulasiraj Ravilla: Becoming blind is a big part of it,
And the Then-Communications Minister replied in a lordly manner
The silence of the desert was a distant dream ;
And the limousine empties out.
That's the boot sector of an infected floppy.
It is known as therthrajy prayag.
The target frame for the navigation
This time he is kept in Almoda jail.
Click the button to change the login screen logo
Tar compressed with bzip (.tar.bz)
How can we help solvents misusers?
and empower the citizens through education.
We have to protect our environment to protect ourselves .
Time in seconds to memorize the challenge:
and make sure that their children go to school,
Thomas Babington Macaulay, 1st Baron Macaulay
Addresses and phone numbers are over the page .
Adjust the firewall now to allow all incoming IPP connections?
Overwrite files to hide contents
Specify a schema file to be installed
X screen where the panel is displayed
A message written on a sticky note to my mom
to make the moving pass.
Select a new name for the destination
They've found small objects such as these.
He could not understand it !
to map what we know locally.
Try ‘-l %s:help' for more information.
and she had hand washed laundry
Could not create pipe: %s
Uttar Pradesh has a total of 403 Vidhan Sabha seats.
“%s” is not suitable for audio or video media
of a dark matter particle hitting one of their detectors.
This is the most amazing thing.
You cannot even travel … ”
The usual suspects, like saturated fat and sugar,
and the prophets of a global conflict.
You can do as much voluntary work as you like.
If you are registered blind or partially sighted .
Text of the frame's label
A different book was written not too long ago
Make sure your child can be easily seen .
Maximum waste area of a sliced texture
The text to display when prompting the user to lock
and providing books for state schools
Display notification when a member goes offline
Sita gave her Chudamani to him and sent him away.
Ram was happy with Hanuman's work.
Updating Search Folders for '%s' - %s
City's costal line is consist of various narrow channels
Copyright information for the program
Open the selected videos in the system video player
‘%s' is not a valid ip address.
Stage 4(b): Identify the control measures.
on the only life-giving rock
Race equality <s> New laws
TRUE if a selection exists.
And most of all, most of all,
the differences that we have -
on the main entrance QURAN's sentences are carved
They probably were simply following the wisdom
and have a different relationship to that resource
George is n't complaining though .
So far it's cost about 150 million.
What does that mean - ' tame ' ? ”
She might lose her head and do something unwise .
a huge outbreak from spreading,
So when you put four.
She established the roots of Indian women poetry association
Open <gui>Universal Access</gui> and select the <gui>Pointing and Clicking</gui> tab.
This was rich food for his poetry .
current era it has importance
Most of you might be aware that, in those days,
One example that you may like to consider is:
any chemical plant, any food processing plant,
about the kid who got this paper.
It costs 17 cents for us to produce this
Fax : 020 7834 8623
And the student that persistently
Unable to copy folder ‘%s' to ‘%s': %s
They lit the candle on the return of shri ram
The boy was also saddened ;
World Classical Tamil Conference 2010
Rejsek drinking with his cronies to forget his loneliness ?
that's right, a $1 billion -
Two thirds of the value
You can get these from your social security office.
Auto complete,this facility is available in browser address bar.
The list of disabled plugins in Evolution
What organs can be donated ?
And now, these days, she eats organic food
Instead, I stand here a proud graduate of Middlebury College.
Tail is kept raised and quivering .
Set the same background as the current desktop background
Google Chrome will do these tasks:
The temple officials and the people appreciated his devotion .
The orientation of the orientable
as most of you, I hope, know.
Did not understand color component “%s” in color specification
Lord Ganesha writing Mahabharata by hearing VedVyasa.
Maybe no one's really crazy.
especially in the case of the old people.
This writings are in times :
And indeed, on the inputs to the hippocampus,
But if you're only 50, then there's a chance
I packaged them up three ways.
National Institute of Science Education and Research
” So then I made a drawing .
Name of icon theme to use
Gandhiji dint support this thought
Emotional integration is the issue here .
Drag and drop photos onto the Shotwell window
one-financial loss due to population
One of them actually, fittingly enough,
In custody to a domestic government or opposition forces
You ' re so serious … ”
I think the process I described,
The “%s” user UID is lower than allowed MinimalUID.
Open link in new window
you're faced with life in exile -
Local cinema is also watched.
The VPN connection '%s' failed to start. %s
You cannot leave any password empty.
Over the hills and far away !
as being one that is grounded in compassion.
%s are the factors of %d.
which citizens residing abroad are entitled to rights in India.
All cases are open in front and closed behind .
These make this museum quite meaningful and interesting .
and they learn the skill of negotiating,
There is something in these organizations:
Over 60,000 people came to the start line,
There was an error saving the file:
with the kind assistance of the Nigerian government -
Let me talk about India
Every education system in the world
entire country remembered his martyrdom.
Ancient Roman units of measurement
Show information on the selected song
in shop windows and newspapers;
and so in this case, they were traveling by sea
Jayasuriya has played 441 matches till now.
that make it harder and harder
some of the things that we're doing
Now, put yourself in the shoes,
and keep the U.S. at the forefront.
National Physical Laboratory of India
and I could still get approval.
And they also make really really good stage actors.
Now, on the surface, the deal appeared straightforward.
is one where we take out salts.
to think about a job.
And it depended on if you were attacked
Error: Invalid Value for connecttimeout
Error changing storage path: %s
Norwegian (Bokmaal and Nynorsk) environment
What is Saddhmam according to Buddha
I think babies and young children
as we had it in the twentieth century.
I'm going to tell you about one more
collecting rents and service charges;
and it starts with basic information about where it is,
Failed to open the uploaded file!
Exit drizzle. Same as quit.
they tell you about heartbreak.
Noise and Nuisance Policy Unit
It's good to be a grownup.
Create new file in the given directory
A password transition is needed
how this affects our health.
Media playback requires user gesture
Less than 1 MB available
Hostname is too long (maximum is 255 characters)
Rajasthans figure is kite shaped.
We also had some surprises. Let's take a look.
Audio Bar Graph Video sub source
Hindu and Buddhist contribution to science in medieval Islam
the nemesis of intellectual thought.
Underworld: Rise of the Lycans
Restore browser settings to their original defaults.
the district has an estimated 15,000 single-room factories.
But there is one extraordinary thing …
Valid Release signature (key id ${SUBST0})
Several temples have lakhs of pilgrims every year.
wishes which occurs because of this will not change
space flights in the world - the very first year.
based on their physical symptoms,
” We always observe the Tradition .
The group of the file.
You do not need to get any benefits
His offering to the new century was very different .
This composition is the proof of her patriotic mind.
Latest lyric poetry of Mahadevi is at paramount position.
began many, many years ago
You can't always be available for your children.
relativity says the internal motions go very slow.
If the tenant does not want to go to court
which was the number the same year back in 1961.
Microsoft Challenge Handshake Authentication Protocol version 2
seems to be the most powerful learning computer
You can teach those habits to young kids
GtkStyleContext to get style from
Bas Itna Sa Khwaab Hai
“the strategy, the leadership and the resources,”
invalid '%s' or its value '%s'
Use the explemental WebSocket implementation.
Indian cuisine is very rich|
all the Arabic words for the local plants,
Specify the software scaling algorithm
is not a valid plugin file.
It was amazing how everyone was so empowered
Provides core functionality for weather calendars.
This village is situated at Mathura-Agra road.
He's going to show everyone else how to follow.
Moves focus into and away from the current mouse over.
Services for people with drugs problems
ISBN 0 85522 909 8
almost equal to that of a West European country.
In this single story there was no possibility
Active devices for the RAID${LEVEL} array:
Basava 's life was an open book .
unable to create work area
Book Trust , Book House ,
I went to this very proper Christian school
it's called a zapalu cap.
Do policies decide the players or vice versa ?
empty names are not permitted
The legend Hajrat Ali is an honour.
Masnavi of Rumy (1207-1273)is a significant example to this.
They felt there wasn't enough progress
How to Train Your Dragon (film)
Goes to next unvisited link.
but we do school quite differently.
Rishya Ring is a love story of a saint.
&Software Playthrough: Listen while recording or monitoring new track
-LRB- See page no.39 for useful organisations . -RRB-
Rockports - they're for this.
Everyone did not want really
that took the people to Nepal.
And with the support of a leader
The trade partner does not sell this.
is that the same math
Rahat Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan
and now he gives you espresso coffee. (Laughter)
“%s” cannot be added to the selection.
What kind of problem do you want to report?
the journals are done in English,
I needed to dream big.
is because it doesn't feed their spirit,
Now we're shining right back up.
Failed to clean up file '%s': %s
Sending a message with an empty subject line
Create a new playlist on this device
We thought of people as a liability.
Maximum year value for calendar
Reset KEY to its default value
Even pig and chicken depend upon coconut .
of science-fiction writer Philip K. Dick,
Disable outfile. See interactive help (\h) also.
so exposing people to radiation, potentially harmful.
Send a message to the selected contacts
In his life he got “”speaker king“” reward.
And so I made him a golden typewriter
India at the 1996 Summer Olympics
I put in Hole in the Wall computers there,
The contents of the tooltip on the primary icon
it's going to frame people in views of the city.
Second, I call this the mixer.
Value of the audio channels levels
And the rabbi said, “You've misunderstood me.
Unknown id '%s' in regex '%s'
Delete the open folder permanently
all of our work is not only about physical objects.
Legal Action (see Page 3 of the leaflet)
And these are not characteristics of old media,
Send command to drizzle server, display result vertically.
FN: And I also had an interest in dangerous inventions.
No, we have to have the humility to learn
He told Fatima that , at their next meeting .
Listener ID %lu doesn't exist
it downfall is approx 2 mts
what that did and do things very differently.
with his discovery of the magic mushrooms
List of national capitals in alphabetical order
Languages that are spoken in India
I am very happy and honored to be amidst
His formal education had begun .
The old man returned the book to the boy .
benaras , France (Iran)were take more often
Are you sure you want to exit now?
a health scare in the news.
I said, “Just like that.”
Cannot write offline journal for folder '%s': %s
Mahadevi is a creative writer.
No items on page %d
Raone - Rao Kavensu Kaven Vedko patient
who served and healed and cured.
There are {EMAILCOUNT} emails still to be sent.
not just change people's lives, but make the universe, right.
They were sung to the accompaniment of musical instruments .
Indian constitution is the world biggest written constitution.
You have no real grounds for complaint if you :
$1%{PRODUCTNAME} is displayed in this language
And so many low-income people
The answer is simple we do not know .
Message of Bhagat Singh's mother to the youth of nation.
Meditate for half an hour.
He was a multifaceted genius endowed literary personality.
“ I need money to buy some sheep . ”
Hru - Only in Sanskrit.
And it's the nationalism of an idea that
Who cannot be touched by compassion
♫ from the edge of the observable universe ♫
boot parameters for special machines
Look after yourself as well .
to get the nectar at the bottom.
We're seeing, along with that proliferation of mobile devices,
Navbharat Times is a leading Hindi daily news paper.
and I have this eureka moment.
And Rumi's stories are metaphors for the spiritual path.
Rest of the granths come under Smriti
where no sentient creature is harmed.
And incentives: not just material, but also non-material incentives.
Word input Harvard-Kyoto, facility to present in SLP1 or ITRANS
and we started playing 50-over cricket.
And it is an awesome thing to be a part
The court is concerned with the balancing of interest .
that smiling is as stimulating
The Role of the Court
that want to kind of build that dream with us.
It's almost impossible to believe the progress we've made
Modules ($1%{TOTALCOUNT}) - No conflicts detected
If you look at the scene,
in north alpine forest is found while in south tropical.
The accident, of course, there, was that the batsman
Parbrahma is eternal, endless and immortal.
on how to operate the controls of the vehicle.
srimad bhagavad geeta yatha roop prabhu pathe
Whether to show week numbers in the date navigator.
In countries where girls don't go to school
Log in without a password
and we took care of her
You are also the breaker of our hearts.
the importance of the poets who worships
and to get them to the poetry faster.
Find the next symbol in a list.
Retrieving songs from music share
Cannot determine session bus address (not implemented for this OS)
The string displayed on the child's tab label
They have all the solutions in the world.
Here's another one. This is the virus called Crash
No possibility of a connection as human equals.
Unable to play sound asynchronously.
Nepal needs 1 million skilled workforce reduction Kamdarka
Did not understand shadow “%s” for <%s> element
Malformed input data for GFileIcon
History of modern Hindi poem prose
is this one, and instead he does ...
Auf-ma-chen ! ” he yelled .
we want our robots to have.
and we have sat together and laughed
through your eyes, through your senses,
yadukul's sanhar and pandava 's maha prashtan
She opened her eyes .
Failed to cache message %s: %s
Aswayug shukla dasami is celebrated as Vijayadasami.
List of recognised political parties in India
No such file or directory
I had to do something.
into the essence of their function.
Set the parent window to make this modal
(ipmode) Found unexpected character: '%s'
a 22-year-old girl who was an accountant
What improvements you have made;
Enter a page number between %d and %d:
Ages 7 to 9: Now for the Green Cross Code
In order to import the certificate, it must be unlocked
who can test five hypotheses in two minutes?
No technological research was carried on in the country .
Family tree of the Greek gods
Had she noticed his messing about ?
List of World Heritage Sites in the Arab States
trying to understand what it is we've built
a request for a synchronous advise transaction has timed out.
They found comparisons with Indira 's conduct in1972 odious .
Special powers of the lok sabah
Draupad and Dhrone were friends when they were young
Are you sure you want to delete the network “{0}”?
Failed to update user configuration file.
which was purposed last year, which did not pass.
I suppose I am rather soft that way .
File type %s (%s) is not supported
I was going to talk about information ecology.
You can try using each system for a week.
The public's perception will probably be somewhat better than that.
that aims to give you an alternative glimpse,
Ouch , that must have hurt more .
The next two years were admittedly bad .
And so here we looked to nature.
about 300 days of clear skies.
as well as local economic development.
is the beginning of an industry in a test tube,
But the Government of India rejected the Mukherjee Commissions report.
that maybe one of them in the morning
The little prince flushed again .
There was an error installing the selected file
Ordinarily , Roy was a well-behaved prisoner .
For upgrade information, please visit: %(url)s
What we have found working with the World Bank
Was the selection process “ questionable ” ?
Sahity lahari- which includes his poems.
And he drives a very nice car.
her father name is rathnasingh.
that deciphering could be a dangerous profession?
Could not open %s: Unknown error
Both belonged to cyber cafes in Dadar .
So let's make it right in our own backyard.
between this sort of yellowish Ford here
She knew some of them .
and actually tutor their peer.”
They will now be like fast-moving consumer-goods companies . ”
List of World Heritage Sites in India
&Open video in new tab
as part of the learning process.
population is growing by millions,
List of airports by IATA code: A
He went for rest to Mussoorie in June 1952 .
that's when patient capital could come in.
This was in 1997 .
I never had in my mind
The identity of this website has been verified
These land-use decisions created the hostile conditions that lead to
The Canadian government has not always been kind
Here are some other reasons why young people sniff .
This profile cannot be deleted
you are given the name of the catering manager ;
It looks as if the waving
drive doesn't implement eject or eject_with_operation
Launch screensaver and locker program
Being checked as often as necessary ;
Disable Chrome Office Viewer component extension for testing purpose.
Start the installation - this is the default option.
You just - oh, man.
They set them up as what they called micro-distribution centers.
Arteriosclerosis comes on slowly and progresses with age .
and we really need to begin
and I'm actually modifying the information
I will not be played.
Incomplete server response: no UID provided for message %d
Display min and max value under the slider
He got up and looked at his watch .
Failure during recursive unset of “%s”: %s
All groups meet consistency standards
unable to allocate netlink handle for monitoring link status: %s
Choose a new password for the default keyring.
and we tried to make a model
Here we have a story.
Start Getting Things GNOME! on every login
Only the root user can run GDM
would document their polling places,
where, of course, there are many statues of the Buddha
that the way to make the detector go
Failed to create PAN connection: %s
The ad in bold capital letters hits the eye .
Birla Industrial & Technological Museum
Drag and Drop masses to balance the scales
there was a whole new set of rules
microsoft indian language input tool (beta)
The orders of the father are of utmost importance.
Support for playing of audio CDs as music source
&Always open files of this type
Okay, so they didn't tell us to become doctors
The climate here is cool , and healthy .
And by the way, it's continued to.
matched to exactly what the brain needs.
Move a whole tournament to South Africa in three weeks.
India- States and Central ruled states
<b>%s</b> has canceled the following assigned task:
Still questions are being raised in its success.
This file cannot be unmounted
I suppose he ' s right , as usual !
Number of units for determining when to hide tasks.
Could not display help for Eye of GNOME
Whether lines are wrapped at widget edges
And the line of black dots
are becoming more abundant as time goes on.
Goes to the end of the line.
that the majority of the world's populous faces:
what his best guess would be
And this is two kinds.
for crying in front of me,
to be the first line of attack
Both of them knew it .
and the grand-daughter was born in Singapore,
How many young people sniff ?
at least to all of all us who've traveled
Error ! You cannot create recursive sections.
Therefore the basic question remains unanswered .
Energy action grants agency on 0800181667. <s> Minicom 01912331054.
Illegal Parameter Count for Create Method
If dark matter exists in our universe,
up in San Francisco for dinner.
What number should replace the question mark?
Uttarpradesh is the bigest state of india(Depending on population)
Sign in to Chromium with %{USER_EMAIL_ADDRESS}?
We've got to show these kids interesting stuff.
I went back and said,
Subtraction memory game against Tux
$1%{PRODUCTNAME} cannot determine or set the default browser.
It's not a happy thought,
Could not initialize MP3 encoding library!
Familiarise yourself with the instructions and controls .
about the world around us,
He should be answering these questions .
Could not load bridge port user interface.
You might have encountered the stuck-key problem -
You could see the weevils that have infested the rice.
and how far it is away from its parent star.
Category : People of west Bangla
You found this review helpful.
fishing industries are also doing well
“ Perhaps you ' ll discover a new star .
If wrap is set, controls how linewrapping is done
It's very difficult to start a private university.
our generation will be remembered
Unsupported image format for GDI+
The boy watched the exchange with fascination .
where I'm doing a lot of research recently,
I think the Western tradition shows us one glorious alternative.
Running in system mode: %s
The best of times is now.
There are eighteen thousand hymns in Shrimadbhagwat Puran.
An introduction to RSS Feed
Look, invade, subdue them, take their resources.
One billion children, we need 100 million mediators -
there's still 13 trillion dollars circulating in the U.S. economy.
You can have me as a farmer, or in leathers,
thanks to the communications revolution,
to create a dynamic with people moving around it -
You are not allowed to open this file.
Daily life in our country is,
And it leads to reservations and other techniques.
When a leader says, “Not under my watch,”
Allows user to inhibit automatic power saving.
Error: Could not add directory %s to search path.
I'm interested in the kind of constituency
Hunts Point was formerly a walk-to-work community,
He mustwoo her in his own fashion .
After that Subhash Babu moved to Dalhousie for medical treatment.
They don't just give us books or words about this.
Unable to duplicate one photo due to a file error
in each of the communities,
if you meet someone at the bottom of society,
in a conflict in Africa than in the Middle East.
Requested action not taken: mailbox name not allowed
If it still does not work , complain .
Stage 4(e): Putting the system into action
Can't initialize zlib deflate stream.
The visibility policy for the tabs bar.
But I borrow a lesson that I learned from him.
Taj Mahal became UNESCO World PossessionLocation in 1983
By this we can save conventional energy (electricity and fuel).
to have an outside view of 10 young Indian artists
This suggests the direction of writing
Whether this plugin would be activated by gnome-settings-daemon or not
And he used the extinct volcano as a foot-stool .
%s unreadable (replaced with zeroes)
Later , start to practise crossing busier roads together .
3- He take important decisions
This germ could also cause septicaemia.
have the same axes of symmetry,
A hungry little creature , that was all .
have been working for 20 years,
%s through %s has declined the following meeting changes:
You don't need a model.
Spool folders cannot be deleted
“My kid went to college because of your book,
This is a new work, it's a new program.
Legade now suffers from insomnia and anxiety .
The Dham which opens its door of knowledge for all
Don't check for the existence of index.theme
This trend is already apparent in India .
The fear itself shivers from one thing - fearlessness.
and it's sticky and rusty,
Class: poets of the dark ages.
Document ended unexpectedly just after an open angle bracket '<'
Only then did she talk about saving your children's lives.
we decided to celebrate by reserving a room
Weapons united lose and terrorism
These are Haridwar,Badrinath, Kedarnath,Gomukh,Devprayag,Rishikesh,Mount kailash, Mansarowar and Amarnath
TRUE if this printer is accepting new jobs
Hamster would like to observe you some more!
Evolution Address Book address viewer
Erase disk and install ${DISTRO}
Schools ended early , people drove home .
Daily Weekly Manual (via Actions menu)
How does it work ?
Besides this they provide a needle-replacement service .
{0} went offline in the network {1}
In the union written constitution is must.
Apply filters to new messages in Inbox on this server
An error occurred while generating the offline copy
ro - mount the file system read-only
If you have a low income .
Five books are said to have been written by Surdas.
This excludes any time for associated study .
I mean art was my best subject in school.
Afghanistan is a place full of people like Mullah Mustafa.
There was an error launching the application.
A . Disagreement does not mean confrontation .
Africa is referred to as a country.
He was so ashamed that he wanted to cry .
they were made to roll incense sticks,
It must be a good slogan .
So a few days after that, what happens?
connected in understanding to each other,
that they should have before, before going back to college.
So I left work an hour early that afternoon
It was getting light quickly now .
Failed to create a temporary file: %s
if they could do this much?
Why don ' t you say anything ?
Extensions cannot be modified in managed mode.
you could ultimately achieve your final goal.
The default size for volumes.
If you've ever seen the Yanomami
can't open user configuration file.
by adding the social values there, child survival.
who was undeniably my nemesis in high school,
Failed to create item on a server
Attribute '%s' of element '%s' not found
It was here that she started her literary journey.
Word-Knowledge based on Unicode English <-> Hindi(offline)
SIGHUP received, reloading all databases
and link all of that together.
Name of the visual effects plugins
I believe this is a Farsi word for “immortal.”
And so, they were aghast when the cheerleaders arrived.
who runs his own website,
Fit in the U.S. He was most welcome
%'d file left to trash
Further Information 14 <s> 'My Landlord wants me out'
“%s” expects the first argument to be a timet
Some people consider this as the decline of Indian values.
He was named Vivekananda after his initiation of Sanyasa(monkhood)
Roy and his delegation reached Canton in February 1927 .
The question is, was it worth it?
we used to have to go to the store
Shah Jahan's tomb is to the south of Mumtaz's tomb.
Clouds seldom visit this area.
I believe we have to attend
your kind of kinder, gentler philosophy of work
are the most connections that any country,
if you want to go beyond a hobby of robotics
and climbed over difficult places, went to more hostile places,
It's about customizing to your circumstances,
You are logged into Picasa Web Albums as %s.
Wrong picture of Bhagat Singh in the advertisement (Ravivar)
Just say to them, 'That's cool. That's fantastic.
from every “don't do that,”
Unicode 32 bit Little Endian (UTF-32LE)
So everybody wants to have an English education, naturally.
because it's inefficient and incompetent.
And I was even invited to cover the MOCA museum.
Phone : 028 9025 7505
I found that really moving.
Aged 16 or over ?
Saved height of Search window
and Yorick's skull, and the grave diggers.
Dil Hai Ke Manta Nahin
And before we know it, they send in the tanks
in fact, if the world were just filled with compassion,
List of most populous cities in India
because Abraham stands for hospitality -
Error initializing certificate data: %s
Find your left and right hands
the region's largest logging companies
is how do you coordinate lots of these robots?
Cannot append message to mh folder: %s:
and I get information about doing the mill.
In this case it's very intuitive;
Do I have to tell the police?
such that the entire sequence makes sense.
” You are not very powerful .
how does it feel to be wrong?
The broadcasting of the Question Hour started in 1992 .
Remote connections for this computer have been disabled.
Whether or not the text includes Pango markup
Their relation was pleasant as a normal woman and man.
There's the intellectual side, there's the emotional side,
Number of proposal accelerators to show
The toggle state of the button
and figure out how to do a drip irrigation,
I went away, came back after a couple of months,
In order to make sense out of sensation, of course,
India has unreslove border issues form its nebour country.
A widget to display in place of the usual label
Miklos: Must download file contents.
and it will just go away.
In the culture of the Indian subcontinent a hijra
who would sell me these things at wholesale.
Secondary pixbuf for the entry
when we bring all that into the social space,
Error fetching object '%s' from database: %s
Then that again transforms into giving, into sharing.
No description has been set
and describe the world as it unfolds.
his name was al-Ma'mun - he was Harun al-Rashid's son.
is critical to even being able to notice
A door banged somewhere downstairs .
And I was working with this young pianist
either at the schoolhouse, on the way to the schoolhouse,
WARNING: no <cdrtype> specified for schema of type pair
Rani Jhansi Marine National Park
Telephone : 0117 904 6661
of social media during the Obama campaign.
Because, of course, the best jobs
Strips must have the same number of inputs
This temple is part of World Community of Unesko.
All these mountains touch borders of six countries.
Telephone : 020 7944 6958
Replace my local note with the server's update.
Sri Ramcharita manas-Bala kand (childhood part)
And there was not a single Pashto speaker.
JavaScript can open windows automatically
Platforms like YouTube, Twitter, Facebook
Please sign in to %{TOKENNAME} to export the client certificate.
No such source for UID '%s'
Click to choose an icon
Make a &copy of the files before editing (safer)
Agra fort is another world heritage monument in Agra.
very, very precisely with Kepler and trace their effects.
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (film)
2004 Western & Southern Financial Group Masters
Your questions on organ donation Answered .
Remember my credit card details
I do not permit insubordination . ”
Order of the Star of India
Everything was at my feet.
“ Banita will stay poor as ever . ”
Moves flat review to the previous character.
This is a demo button with an 'open' icon
But I think it's very interesting
There is no application installed for “%s” files
Another compilation lists people who have made India proud .
Science of Quality of Air and General Knowledge
In fact, if you compare India
especially when you just get out of poverty
Certificate problem: %s Issuer: %s
in our own pop culture.
Urban area is often called as island city.
Therefore he returned to Kolkatta by a flight through Karachi.
the number of slogas in agnipuran is 15,000
That's the news from downtown. Here it is in perspective.
♫ You define us, make us feel proud ♫
Visiting hours: 6.00 AM to 7.30 PM (friday closed)
On this a big Muslim group got against Ali.
List of airports by ICAO code: A
1 - Formation of the ministers panel
He said this in December 1862
in this akbar's role was played by prithviraj kapur
And we're not going to fix government
The camera failed to initialize.
The URI '%s' contains invalidly escaped characters
So I have been walking and traveling,
The PrinterOption backing this widget
Could not get information for file '%s': %s
error informing authentication system of display string: %s
But the couple has n't touched the money yet .
Transformed PNG not RGB or RGBA.
Not starting remote desktop server
Maybe we could look at that to be more similar
This whole revolution showed us
Health and intellect are the two blessings of life.
Authentication canceled while connecting to “%{DEVICENAME}”.
Send the specified protocol command to GDM
will look at your application.
It ' s not true . ”
We think by studying how the sounds are learned,
Could not evict member “{0}”
They are not meant to stay.
Drupad and Valmiki were childhood friends.
was a little bit ahead of his time,
has increased the violence, rather than decreased it.
There is river rafting in Ganges.
of turning this from an active website to an archive.”
And they built beautiful cities
Prepare this folder to be copied with a Paste command
is just as good as teaching her
His elder brother Ajit Tenduker encouraged him to play.
because they're seeing the world for the first time.
Close and Back up Evolution
Go to the previous image of the gallery
_vte_conv_open() failed setting word characters
If YES to both, claim ICA.
This may take a minute...
an illegal one - still there.
Don't expect anything original from an echo.
The contents of the entry
who would stay with me and my family,
How it is to be done;
At that time there was a “we” and “them.”
Please wait until the estimation of the size is completed.
and looks from person to person, remembering people.
How do researchers carry out their scientific studies ?
Flag of the Republic of China
Padmabhushan Dr. Moturi Satyanarayan Award
Time the last reminder ran, in timet
Date and time of change
If you can bless the effort I want it .
because the next ship wasn't around for a long time.
of how we live in the world.
Phir Subah Hogi (TV series)
Are you sure you want regenerate the question codes?
but he couldn't really find an alternative technical job.
a software to translate Urdu script to Devanagari script
Error: Could not read profile %s: %s.
And what these cognitive biases do
National Academy of Direct Taxes
that are basically programmed to hide,
List of United States cities by population
These run from September 1998 to August 1999 .
It's worked really well. I get satisfaction out of
In the south it stretches upto Pinjore and Nalagarh .
But you know what? I was getting work experience.
Show deleted messages in the message-list
Because tastemakers like Jimmy Kimmel
But because she had the opportunity of the marketplace,
Paper world is interesting to play with.
And these are not really a people oppressed by poverty.
Now and then Mr. Verma visited Mrs. Mahadevi at Alahabad.
Mileage owned by state and worked by companies 18,680
For example, we did books - not for sale -
By June 1945 , bombing had become more frequent .
See our website : www.workpermits.gov.uk for further details .
Use System Title Bar and Borders
you can actually pick up objects cooperatively.
and we can change whole nations.
And so now we can look one degrees, two degrees,
And once a creature pops into our minds,
3 . Does infection cause diabetes ?
Now the governor of Syria, Muaviyarji, revolted.
6 . What sort of services might help you :
And one day we were walking. We were in France.
%s: Couldn't set groupid to %d
I said, “Well, what you've got to do
Flag of Papua New Guinea
Markat Island's musical note (1968)
But the more interesting thing is -
But it's also a huge social problem.
like calcium, potassium and magnesium
and her death was sudden and unexpected.
“I'm an idiot. God wants bread?
Incorrect photograph of Bhagat Singh in an advertisement (Sunday)
Stick it out ! <s> You must .
hundreds of portraits were made.
If true, show week numbers in the calendar.
“”Protibad“” - Central News Channel in M.p/T.v on line
Who was Pythagoras, and what did he do?
They are known as Nabi in Islam.
and she gave me a cover story.
every other field is worked out with great intrest
Update links in referencing notes
Displays a list of entries.
output version information and exit
My picture appears on the front of the CD -
its own customized version of mythology.
And she's whistling, and finally I do the kind of
Keyboard shortcut to make font larger
This is a recurring meeting
There's no reason why you can't have
Recommendations are made for the conduct of future reviews .
that some aspects of this rise
Amount of opacity in percent
Consider , for example , wheat .
rather than using the constant to explain change.
somebody else's computers - to these guys.
The next day is the festival of brother Rug
Here she wrote a rectangle
Godhra . Ahmedabad . Ayodhya .
This is a controversial issue of only historical significance .
Category:Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam
in his entire life that he hadn't taken
Add current page to bookmarks
Against his ancestral culture, he married many Hindu ladies.
WPA/WPA2 passphrase for wireless device ${iface}:
Boot the Live CD or USB.
It's limited by our cognitive biases.
To safeguard her future Sachish offers to marry her .
These are in harmony with arched balconies above.
Akbar's interest in religion increased as he grew old.
has to include an amount of failure,
- are looking after children
Error parsing parameter %d: %s
Directly edit your entire configuration database
Amitabh Bachan is a famous actor.
Country's total 27% land is agriculture compatible.
%s through %s has assigned you a task:
Update checks have repeatedly failed for the extension “%{EXTENSIONNAME}.”
So I want change gears.
For years I watched my mother
Touch one . . .
But eventually, every dog has its day,
He is the head of the Lok Sabha .
let's call him Lex Luther -
as well as to applied science
Failed to refresh folder “{0}”.
that it isn't, in fact, what you wanted all along.
Spell check any text typed in editable areas.
the beauty is there throughout.
So what's the next step for Ethiopia?
I know some people who say
After every convincing point, people will go, “Amen, amen, amen.”
War period protectiveness pad Bat
in terms of the GDP growth rates,
Medical Help: In Medical Colleges - P.D.F nature Responsibility
The system administrator has disabled your account.
And that's a quite clever guy, huh?
an animal that has three legs?
It didn't look Indian anymore.
View additional information about a process
Write tags, titles, and other metadata to photo files
Check if a new elementary OS release is available
Flush buffer after each query.
review websites the supervised user has visited, and
Where in the world ?
This movie could not be opened.
Binding to launch the media player.
Referenced object node with ref=“%s” not found!
Good at one thing, bad at something else.
- it has 6 features
men over their satisfy themselves by arranging such things
under the conditions I've always worked:
So we commissioned an economic feasibility study
But he was not against any special publication.
Mumbai port almost handles half of India's waterway cargo transport.
They simply go through their lives
They must have done better, in terms of economic growth.
Binding to toggle the interface contrast
but it feels like I'm holding a fortune.
This is one of my favorite photos,
Except in expert mode, non-critical kernel boot messages are suppressed.
Username to access WebDAV share.
bad arguments to library function
So, I always tell my students,
<b>The console is currently unavailable</b>
%{EXTENSIONNAME} has been added to Chromium.
There are many good dictionaries written specially for children .
east coast, north of Scoresbysund
Krishna and Arjuna in Kurukshetra.
One, two, three. One, two, three. One two three.
each one has a grid-like firing pattern across the environment,
And then there is a whole range of filters.
He realizes, that to succeed,
and finally I said, “Well, how about blue?”
Clash of the Titans (2010 film)
there's the powerful, the hegemonous, the strong,
Teji and Amitabh had two children named Amitabh and Ajitabh
If Your Child Is Already Using Drugs
and she went, “But you're so tall!”
And we were alarmed to find that these shell companies
Do you want to deactivate Slow Keys?
Section: Prime minister of India
Boo... You have no extensions :-(
If you look at the hexagon, for instance,
when you can do long-term planning,
Video output for Windows 7/Windows Vista with Platform update
When we got there, we just went in the street,
The gerontology approach looks much more promising on the surface,
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
they went and they consulted a wise old woman.
Lalit Jalan gave a firm nod to organza shirts .
and if we don't know about it and understand it,
India's maximum development areas are located around the metropolitan.
I think this is a problem.
Always block on this site
When man is on top
He broke in crossly .
Increase the magnification of the thumbnails
So, imagine you're standing on a street anywhere in America
can't write to file descriptor %d
a 45 year-old love story
It is a Hadish narrated by Hazrat Ali (Razi.).
and mystery in this closed country.
This mosque shows about their character's fulfillment
{0} left the network {1}
Materials are submitted by way of pleadings and evidence .
which may be a little challenging
She has got awards from administrative, semi-administrative and personal institutions.
The 3 Mistakes of My Life
This was his own assembly of heroes
So if Coke's marketers came to me
developing effective codes of practice
Haemophilus influenzae type b (known as Hib).
Keep them away from children
0100 h 060 m 060 s
If astronomers were frogs perhaps they'd see Kermit the Frog.
And we were the first non-Muslims
And my dad said, “Go pick it up.”
Do you want to import the session from “%s”?
Enable public suffix domain matching for autofill of passwords.
This battle is known as the Second Battle of Panipat.
for the environmentally-interested students - and they are right -
Failed to connect to SMTP server %s in secure mode:
I am becoming a solution provider. I'm very happy.
if all of the American citizens -
the pro-aging trance is not as dumb as it looks.
List of Internet top-level domains
will a child be able to imagine
I educated the boys in religious books and politics .
It's a question of what's the continuity?
yet even he called the Koran,
But it wasn't until I turned 30
Shri Krishna in his gigantic avataar giving advice to Arjun.
In Christian Aadam is known as Adam.
that all these tape drives
The DMCA marks the moment
Saint Kabir's couplets and poems
Error: invalid 'wimax' parameter: '%s'.
A million properties have been returned.
Whether to use the min-width property
Automatically unlock this public key when I log in.
How would you change your relationships
now we saw a new idea of feminism
Governor is head of state
that was run by 20 prostitutes.
True story, by the way.
They carried out my instructions .
Default compact view zoom level
three question - (akbar - birbal) Hard Valtarpress
and make habitats that are amenable to life.
Now, the question we're asking here
They do their own recruitments through competitive examinations .
For this reason he was given the punishment of gibbet.
Muslims believe Moses and Jesus gave many people distorted teachings.
Well it was a Friday, this is true.
that I need to emphasize intelligence
as a way of encouraging healthy emotional development
The mathematics curriculum that we have
Once again the economy is in the doldrums .
had no religious beliefs. Well, of course, they did
Please wait to begin with a new session.
More blood enters penis as less blood goes out.
by extremists and politicians on the other side.
Play 'odd one out games' .
Model column used to retrieve the icon pixbuf from
Set conditions for this question
they are experienced with politics
it's easy when it is read to be memorized.
You have marked this message as liked.
So this is just one example
but it's also learning how better to ask questions.
This is probably not the site you are looking for!
%d package is going to be upgraded.
Let Chromium Run In The Background
in the four main pillar of chayavadi
Enter password for ftp as %s on %s
Your Right to Compensation for Improvements
There was an error reading the folder “%B”.
They are the minimum standards you should expect .
The Ballads (Quatrains) of Omar Khaiyyam (1959)
He's putting a contemporary spin on the miniature tradition.
I would want to praise them,
for a period of about two days,
when we're waiting for the call.
Filter based on Mailing List
Don't overdo it start gently and build up gradually.
no credit, no logos, no sponsoring.
People said that Gypsies spent their lives tricking others .
Now, some states now are getting it to where
Not everyone gets much effect from cannabis .
there's such competition now to get to kindergarten,
The file was externally modified
When you go in these developing societies,
Bureau of Police Research and Development
And then there's that cliché,
Use - and = keys to page a candidate list
Flag of the Central African Republic
The patient's cut open, twice.
North Manchester Community Support Team
This subsequently became the type specimen .
Width of process 'Memory' column
Each temple is worshiped in one or more Goddess
The excellent collection of the important articles of Hindi
Number of Thermal Asperity Rate errors
Well the solution to this
Not enough space in %s
Research shows that 50 percent of children,
at a Hindu rate of growth -
Cannot find the autorun program
in the tenure decision for the teachers.
There are two historians of business
on an incessant diet of Internet news,
the average growth may have been about two percent.
in some of the most dangerous, difficult and intractable
Vivekananda was born on 12 January 1863.
It's not just Code for America fellows,
2008: Martin Rynja, British publisher of The Jewel of Medina
Why had she eluded him ?
Sanskrit Tools - Sanskrit Toolbar
The time at which the history item was last visited
What did he matter ?
How beautiful you are ! ”
Rename the selected memo list
2.He should be an important achiever in any field.
all words can be searched here
Chess players in 1977 and Sangati in 1989
Hides the mouse cursor when inactive
100 years forward, how you would like to think of
I began to understand my roommate's response to me.
the benefits of being in an open society.
Show memo preview alongside the memo list
We were brought to teach English
Comedian,comedy artist shown his comedy to you tube viewer.
A separator to organize the panel items
And I see their parents and their fathers
is that they be about the same.
Muslim scholars not only translated
Do not make available for offline use
Because the critical thing about this
Use custom encoding (advanced users)
Presently, Many Indians like Football, Hockey and Tennis.
He looked at the demographics.
the placement of the waste and other facilities,
Set process priority to normal
and carries with him into the grave the last syllables
reading zip stream (entry %s): bad length
get out the vote campaigns using mobile devices and SMS.
Object being moved is marked as not renameable (RenameInhibit)
That's our next big challenge.
He had the rather gloomy conclusion that
Amount of green light in the color.
And then, instead of taking days
And if tempers are still too high,
akra kay or about army
Do you really want to quit the installation now?
The MediaPlayer2 object does not implement the ‘%s' interface
But the information was closer to me.
Hide windows not in taskbar when entering show desktop mode
Choose a VPN Connection Type
Now she began to show signs of worry .
ii offences against the state ;
Indigenous languages of the Americas
He was the chief disciple of Ramakrishna Paramahansa
Bachachan is known for his powerful voice
We're told, from many sources, that anyone can achieve anything.
despite the fact that people say nobody will buy one,
Failed to execute child process (%s)
there is nothing to fall back on.
50 percent goes in their toy account.
the process ends when you press the trigger.
Error syncing the XML backend directory cache: %s
these people retreated into an isolated volcanic massif
they might actually increase the rights of citizens
Hydroponics is a method of soilless gardening.
Be assured that you will reap benefit through me .
You may want to ask questions yourself .
For storing local mail in maildir directories.
Subsequent free space percentage notify threshold
I have feeling and reality.
The camels are generally clipped in the spring season .
their pain thought, feelings, works and virtual
with competitions, team and individual. Completely failed,
“ Not to worry , ” said the alchemist .
The Second of May 1808
Bits per channel of transformed PNG is not 8.
Or better yet, let's all collectively decipher.
there's nothing wrong with picking and mixing,
Important essays of Mahadevi verma.
We can hear the epics also.
which of these different toilet papers
And sometimes we just start building.
Zoom the photo to 200% magnification
Give fair warning of your action
to think of anything good,
So I am going to read a poem
And Monday morning, I found out that he disappeared.
Hindi film business called Bollywood is in Mumbai.
kendria prakshit bhu bhagyo ko sangh rajya kaha jata hai
“ Over everything ? ”
Encode file names in an Outlook/GMail way
in telecoms. And nobody knows, except a few smart people.
And where in the world would you find such water?
reality changes all the time.
need to be really pushing towards eliminating our emissions.
Failed to start stand-alone movie player
You are long-term sick or disabled?
After that area of Pakistan starts influenced by the Islam.
And that unity is something that connects all of creation.
concrete, and you have the sense of agency,
for an answer to this puzzle
when they grew up -
the component of many perfumes.
Long-press on notes to add tags.
NOAA's FAQs on Global warming.
Uttarakaand is a suffix to Rama's history.
somebody from Texas and somebody from Rome.
between how dense a city is
and brought himself down to my level.
our assumptions about the way people make economic transactions.
When to show thumbnails of image files
[that] has done every crime
Do you want to save the changes?
a lot of us want to go into banking.
Maybe no one here knows what an alchemist is !
#12 Envelope, 4 3/4 x 11 in
Failed to open ‘%s': %s
Aging is ghastly, but it's inevitable, so, you know,
- Zelda Fitzgerald, novelist (1900-1948)
Nautilus handles drawing the desktop
Or contact the Victim Supportline : 0845 30 30 900
File '%s' already exists. Do you want to replace it?
We just did a project and then left
Prayer(Salat)-it is also called as namaaz in Indian language.
Batman and Superman were created by Jewish young men
Graph color for input network activity
Tahn Subhashbabu went to dalhoigi for treatment.
The walls have been carefully chiselled
And I think that it's maybe interesting, also,
And in fact that is happening this week.
Communicate with the Cybook Gen 3 / Opus eBook reader.
Mandla Plant Fossils National Park
Authentication is required to get attributes of a printer
if it looks like a linguistic script
Jimmy Kimmel posted this tweet
What is the Scanning Electron Microscope ?
It's a traditional part of the way of life,
Call a doctor or ambulance if the user is unconscious.
Union for a Popular Movement
every season, in the paddy season,
Expected a GEmblem for GEmblemedIcon
clean it up, organize it
My mother comes out, and he asks her for money,
Yet all there is in the original Arabic
Prof. Troy Jhadan “”Theater war terrorism“”
they might look like black dots to us,
'NATURE' gives an indication about Water and Air Pollution
and no sooner than the women got out,
So we have a very ambitious program.
<big><b>Not all updates can be installed</b></big>
Gatwick Airport: Freephone 0800 393070
Press Space to select the candidate
If somebody bothered to tag all of these saints
The requested entry was not found in the cache.
And you could stuff pins in them.
but all with a common goal
Brahma is one, and only one.
%s %s after the start of the appointment
SK: Absolutely. And this is something
He is the founder of Radha Swami religion.
So I was an early reader. And what I read
Show “From” field when posting to a newsgroup
Whether the scrollbars should be visible for the window.
Some regular uncover will also help you for this .
Your message was sent, but an error occurred during post-processing.
Netscape Navigator and Internet Explorer are most common used browsers.
The major dams are Bhakra, Tihari and Bheemjota dam.
the messy days, the lousy days, that wetness.
And it's a copyright violation.
The default encoding of the web view
it will always be easier
these two guys fight it out.
A Pango font name and size
So here's one last thing I'd like to mention.
and really had this robust experiential learning.
When I listened to all the stories
And second of all, his data was grainy and fuzzy,
we've every religion know to mankind,
Enough real world examples helps.
The new instant message sound
Then check the questions below.
bombarding us with images and words,
to work as day laborers at a commercial farm
The places where Hindus pray god are called Temples
you immediately think about Africa.
The traits the word childish addresses
When teachers make it, children make it.
It matters because this is a democracy.
Trial or no trial, these claims are front and center
They established the Aarya community.
Saved engines order in input method list
Now my own speciality is combining digital technology and magic.
so the media wouldn't know.
postings which others would say no.
As I was walking out of his bedroom,
He spluttered a little , and seemed vexed .
Error: Connection activation failed: %s
We're not trying to teach anybody any specific thing.
Kumbhakarna also has give wrong Mantra to reach Ravana.
These things tend to happen every 25 years.
who's doing a perfect imitation of her look.
If I'm violent with you
to be envious of the Queen of England.
Keyboard shortcut to switch to tab 10
There were explosions all around .
and made all the unseen faces of the city
the women's hips were swaying
of that tiny, terrified space of rightness
Whether to blink the cursor
that they surrender and walk into it.
The Creator of the universe Himself
[and then say to yourself quietly, but with determination:]
If they do so at the appropriate time,
For each of these successful authoritarian governments
and we're on the West coast, building the software -
Marathi ( Local Indian language or people of Marathi origin)
Houses with this amount of inhabitants
%{PRODUCTNAME} cannot determine or set the default browser.
so, as the president now reassures us,
Sindhis have a moderate-sized head and broad forehead .
The epic Mahabharatha starts with the following hymn:
People get new clothes stitched.
I came back in '86.
Her husband died only sometime after her marriage.
See page 93 for the address.
And that changed everything for me. It was totally life-changing.
It is that beautiful. It is yours to protect.”
mumbai is india's best communication state
It recognizes that the market has its limitation,
<%s> element has invalid ID “%s”
The third thing is again cities.
Leaflets with more detailed informaiton on these sevices are available.
Phone : 0114 259 4074
Anybody can do it, turns out.
A boolean that indicates whether the menu is torn-off
Hanuman set sailed towards Lanka|
Sindhu is the main river over here.
Go to a random image of the gallery
Today in Mexico we're asking for Gandhis.
Building is at the heart of the experience.
This file has already finished downloading
on their first expedition to go to the South Pole.
Sri Ramcharita manas- Ayodhya kand (Ayodhya part)
who were already HIV infected.
Each breast is held between two special plates.
it turned out we also like to produce
Space to put between the label and the child
So how do we do that?
Articles Date of issue in which it appeared 1 .
And what happened to me
Quiet mode for one hour
It takes really a lot of time and it's expensive
This will remove all previous results.
Braborne stadium is city's one of the oldest cricket stadium
satisfaction to women(Receiver), problem to women
Stories of our Mahabharata (TV Serial)
Later this child was called Kabir.
We rely on government agencies
this words are prophet(p.b.u.h) whom zaid (razi) quoted!
that all projects go awry -
Kill time and you will kill your career.
The class war has existed and exists today .
all of the different kinds of minds
Reconnect automatically when the connection is lost
you're that politically corrected, have you noticed?
And here is the twentieth century answer.
that had brought our economy to the brink of collapse.
It is World's biggest Republic country.
Here's another little flower -
Fax : 0114 279 6222
by moving so as to find where it is
when you look around, what do you see?
Taking care of yourself while you are pregnant
Get Help for You and Your Child
And the captain would wear a cap everyday
which would be represented in the firing of grid cells.
Approximately %s of remaining UPS backup power (%.0f%%)
to levy such charges on him would be foolishness
It may even be harmful to give the vaccines separately.
“ Where is the treasure ? ” he asked .
But his heart was speaking of other things .
The format of the disc image could not be identified
Saatvahana and Chalukyas established their hold in the Central India.
And I remember this one customer so vividly
and if you ask a three year-old
These drugs are commonly found in many medicine cabinets .
but if I would be,
But the promise of neuroscience has led to some really
embedded with thousands of tiny different sizes
to pull money out of the air,
Urdu in the Devanagari script change the Tools (software)
Display this location with the compact view.
is that there was a light footprint initially -
and every one these disorders
the perception of the West
taxation and infrastructure and all that,
is not a valid MAC address
Contagious is a good word.
Jean Robert-Houdin: A conjurer is not a juggler.
Dhronar,Bhishma and karna All Maharathi's teacher.
What is the soul 's relation to God ?
to show the hidden lights
repeating a DEFINE group is not allowed
a loss of income, a loss of status.
symbolic communication must have been involved.
In the earth rounding components
Some rival colleges , however , remain unconvinced .
In nepal this stupa is called Budhha.
were people who were taking their cues from the West.
Support investments with a triple-bottom-line return.
Could teach them the more exciting topic of geography.
The most important targets are set out here.
and three or four others have come in.
Authdir %s is not a directory. Aborting.
emotional support from other carers or people who understand
This excludes any time for associated study.
when mans stand on her
As a parent you know your own child best .
The stock ID of the stock icon to render
Iron , mineral acids .
Western (Sumatra, Jakarta, Java, West and Central Kalimantan)
And I must tell you that after 20 years,
Show Haguichi in the notification area
Secondly, the world is now so noisy,
that we all think is lost to civilization.
Please enter the following PIN:
Query and add this host to the above list
He was “”executed on account of this.
120 Disco - 1m in front of loudspeaker
You can get more information from the DSS website.
Save name format for drag-and-drop operation
Right, like cutting lawns is brutal.
The final Kreteshiam and opening times are Eyosin
After the worship people lit-up the candles and lamps.
I grew up not far from here in Washington D.C.
The design process is completely different.
Ledger, 17 x 11 in
in business, in finance, in politics,
on our ideas of success.
represents an ancient Indo-European language such as Sanskrit.
And so I urge you, in whatever sector you work,
Restrictions and regulations there were none .
So, yeah, so this is again difficult.
2006 Mutua Madrileña Masters Madrid
Editing PPP authentication methods for %s
The Swaraj Party disintegrated steadily after Deshbandhu 's death .
These files are on a digital audio player.
What we are interested in is information.
If the toggle button should be pressed in
Could not open the attachment
The components have the power of their basic form.
All the major religions give us calendars.
is responsible for almost one half
a principle like, “Don't lose your Queen,”
because when you see those three problems,
who said, “I need to see you.
to explain what a person in a story is like
“ Yes , I know … ”
Soor's used very easy, natural and explanatory language.
and I've found that, indeed,
It was a bundle of money .
How can we remain in business ? ”
to promote a healthy group
it speaks to my most authentic self.”
This delta is famous for its rice production.
No.4 The farmer and public development
Q : How are you feeling now ?
Enable On Screen Display (OSD)
even though we are not living under normal circumstances.
Whether Redo operation is possible
Still they remained silent and puzzled .
Diplomacy in track - Terrorism
Ustad Ahmed Lahrori is believed to be its chief architect.
Six major research papers on this.
Use a local picture as logo on the video
Prayer: Key of the Day, Lock of the Night.
His birth name was Narendernath dutt
Your survey responses have been recorded.
We're going to zoom in and zoom in.
These three saints have implemented the yoga in this language.
The eggs are laid in a mass in soil .
No condition selected to copy from
nothing too big, two or three stories -
Its called as Aadikavya ( the ancient epic)
The greatness of the stream of Krishna's poetry.
Uttar Pradesh has a total of 403 Vidhan Sabha seats
you have to use one of our prefab images -
due to this Gandhi has to travel secretly
Mahadevi verma' childhood poems are been edited
The captain was a captain of a sea-going ship.
The Shiqdar tried purely secular criminal cases .
TR: Thank you very much.
” Sadhu has played his cards discreetly .
all of which are completely preventable for at
Central Board of Film Certification
part of the reason we're successful.
Split Deleted labeled audio regions
Bounce settings to be used
The name of a workspace.
Card type is not supported by Wallet
could not find the Bluetooth device.
Failed to sync one or more sources: %s
Toggles whether the BCC field is displayed
India has border issues with Afghanistan inn the north-west.
Initiate click when stopping pointer movement
… will be shot …
you're seeing the problem of entitlement -
Manage permissions for shares made to other users.
as the tragedy of the destruction of the Bamiyan Buddhas,
it will submerge these beautiful statues
It's trying to get a grasp on you,
pedestarian road behind the lake.
Value must be greater than or equal to %{MINIMUM}.
The current filter for selecting which resources are displayed
and that's given us the picture of where we are.
Atyrau (Atirau, Gur'yev), Mangghystau (Mankistau)
A transdisciplinary study of cooperation?
Exertion after sniffing might cause heart failure .
and what does expansion look like, helping with management support
It has a seating capacity of 250 .
reminds me of one of my favorite stories
Cannot get folder '%s': folder does not exist.
ATA Secure Erase / Enhanced Secure Erase
Our libraries are crucial to our research and curation .
I was with my friend Susan Meiselas, the photographer,
The following add-ins are currently installed:
That's why they call them that.
Perhaps I am a little like the grown-ups .
Abstract unix domain socket addresses not supported on this system
perspective and remember that life is brief and tender.
Sachau seems to have missed this clear reference .
Select Contacts from Address Book
099 days 024 h 060 m 060 s
I have come from a place of intense darkness.
into the unfolding of artistic activity in children,
Party for Democracy and Development through Unity
Please install JDK 1.5 or later
which provides job training in the fields of ecological restorations,
Error: 'nm permissions': %s; allowed fields: %s
to see when things are starting to go wrong.
Once again religious violence is searing the land .
Download the data and the syntax file.
we blindfold him, we surround him with the stakeholders,
Input value for private key must be a valid path.
So, you can find through your Jeep,
Reached bottom of page, continued from top
Mistakes typify Indian economics .
upon which we judge the balance in our life,
The Bombay Village Panchayats Act was enacted in 1958 .
National Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research
Gambhan: Omkar Joshi's dictionary of Indian Language (WYSWYG)
Automatically synchronize remote mail locally
You can play around with it.
And we are also changing our teeth right now.
Goods on order from a shop
e-mahashabdakosh (Large e-dictionary)c-dec By Indian government
The list view encountered an error.
The destination is not a folder.
This page includes script from unauthenticated sources.
computer - Sanskrit grammar's software (Based on Panini's rules)
Error cancelling migrate job: %s
There is an elevated path in this garden.
So what I want to do today
This is known as Char Dham Tiard around!
Think about all the services we use,
In the year 1994 his mother died due to cancer.
because those self-repair mechanisms are not perfect.
That three year-old boy is still part of you.
The school was located outside the village .
Show or hide the toolbar
Further down, you start getting into pre-algebra and early algebra.
Chinese civilization and culture is older than the 6th century.
1. Answerable for Judicial revision
So when you talk about self-paced learning,
on the simple details that matter most.
the sidewalk out front was painted blue.
2. parliment and commons leaders salaries and paymounts
All kinds of things can go wrong .
If you do not, this may delay the decision.
Choose a file to append to the command...
Unable to remove the db file: errno %d
Delay in milliseconds for the auto raise option
to someone who has attempted to end their life
is that babies and young children
BMP: Couldn't write the file (BitmapInfo) header.
pramuk jaatheyaong ka pratheshath hai:-
Ved Vysya created and recreated various epics.
No, really, we are going to be the next generation,
Load images in messages from contacts
And therefore, when you hear about the corrupt Africa -
Received invalid value in set request
He pointed to the yellow star .
Gandhiji did not attend this meeting.
Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Medical College, Indore
and we clearly aren't the A-Team here,
and not have to perform, not have to speak -
I am told every day,
.Pakistan's 5 peak is more than 8000 meter high.
But they've never had the ability
Select the files you want to update:
Artificial insemination is usually practised in turkey breeding .
and give answers like this.
Click to choose an icon
Successfully stored client certificate issued by %{ISSUER}.
Could not create a new project.
Shri Ramcharitamans - Lanka chapter
and there's been a limit on that.
The Framework gives clear information on appropriate qualifications .
They also cause the light from the star to vary.
Everything in your life has changed.
The compiler handles the problem in various ways.
Exit after a time (for debugging)
Choose a folder for junk messages.
This was seventh Muslim city of Delhi city.
You're an 80 percent bicyclist.”
this festival is held by “”Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation“”(MTDC)
While thus feeding , it shuts off its light .
Special condition of Jammu Kashmir
The flower had once seen a caravan passing .
my wife gets diagnosed with breast cancer,
Make sure your correct address is in your doctor's records.
Unable to detect any modules loaded.
Our model of security around electricity
When we see these little dips in the light,
And [with] that you will get two extra,
so my entire academic career
Cannot get folder '%s': not a maildir directory.
These are professionals all over the world.
to back up their rhetoric and do something
And so, what I'd like to do with you today
greater is the chance of scaling up.
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.
questions of good and evil and right and wrong -
But I have a problem with that belief,
Global warming related page by the community of Concerned Scientist
Another file with the same name already exists in “%s”.
Open &image in new tab
because the thing which is vibrating goes inside my mouth.
Theme name must be present
what the repair is ; and
Provides visual indication of progress
“ Mmm … What ' s up ? ”
All state schools will have a written home-school agreement.
you might actually drift off.
The white is not D50 white
which made it scarier than the regular flu,
when I produced my tape of Mariah Carey.
Hindi Blogs.org-List of hindi articles.
and years later, after she retired,
Failed to parse gpg passphrase request.
Obviously she's an artist; she's a creative person.
is the fact that this morning,
Faintness seemed to rob Paul of his senses .
Class: Languages of the world
Perhaps they're the name of the sender
we're talking about expanding perception -
Mumbai harbour approximately done half business of the whole India.
You will need to prepare any necessary record sheets .
VPN connection has been successfully established.
that you already knew .
You don't have permission to view this folder.
Add Sender to Address Book
Whether a spin button should wrap upon reaching its limits
Average efficiency of operations while positioning
The neck should be long and slim .
Human penis consists of three poles for biological tissues.
Double click to open items
It's a story passed on generation after generation.
So we did this project,
Unfortunately, I personally do not believe in the Marshall Plan.
This fitted in with the demand for Indian independence .
of some of the paradigms of the past,
Could not display help document
which we started 31 years ago.
24 . Are you planning legal action ?
This is a plant here
would be legitimate to be concerned about.
Embed Preedit Text in Application Window
that her greatest fear was that as we drifted towards
Open the selected history link in a new tab
Column headers respond to click events
Hibernate is not available on this computer.
Today , that no longer holds .
thinking it was the most fabulous thing I owned.
And the engineers, the technicians, the physicists
has been to collaborate with international cartoonists,
And to make sure you didn't realize,
The exterior decoration is an example of Mughal architecture.
You focus on the foregone option.
No Hindi Text Available Here
The importance of understanding .
Content air quality standard for industrial process modeling sources.
LEVEL : NEWS PAPERS IN HINDI LANGUAGE
maybe look for biochemical leaks,
He removed the Khandav forests.
One of my mentors in life
Bar of the original text (at Avitaminosis)
Skip set up of user preferences
That when it comes to the rich, we'll bail out
The poet could drudge as well as sing .
that they might learn to do on their own.
Unable to send memo information, the memo does not exist
And the inventor is in this audience.
Can't handle version %d of GThemedIcon encoding
Get those who killed this guy.
Slaying of Duryodhana by Bhimsen.
This is Asia's biggest theam water park, water kingdom also.
Error copying file %s: %s
No valid bookmark file found in data dirs
What sort of tenancy is it ?
Mozilla Firefox (in east Mozilla) web-browser depends on Semantic
In these, the Gujarat's 1572 campaign was also present.
Start the drive associated with the open folder
They're taking data, the test scores,
what in the world could be wrong in Washington?
Well if we want to think about a way
Pop-ups were blocked on this page.
Preamble to the Constitution of India
<b>%s</b> has published free/busy information.
If you get all those parts aligned,
Seek to %s / %s
Ignore CapsLock status and input lowercase by default
You can move the OSD menu by left-clicking on it.
And finally, in the end, I think it's pretty obvious
You can be compassionate occasionally,
You might think these must be very senior teachers.
get out of our ideological boxes.
because oil is the biggest, most revenue-earning sector
I like hearing that clock strike .
If you can't think a thought,
Group name was not supplied!
help people to vote on them
We want to pretend that Mexico has the flu.
The only thing my mother told us about him
you're 19 now, do you -
Bombay (Mumbai) is the largest city in India.
For people who have reached state pension age
Thinking of starting your own business?
and two, the natural interface,
As telecoms sector grew, housing and construction,
One kind word can warm three winter months.
And I want to start by telling you
Here some old Civilization of world were borne as
in ways I didn't expect
But people see a society for what it is,
5. This poetry contains mind charming hue of poetical singing.
at the beginning in macca there was small faces
Trust this CA to identify email users.
Generally the short form “”United States“” is used as well.
but also robots that will eventually
that we will be able to eradicate malaria.
Settings for VLC's control interfaces
Panoramix: wall with overlap video filter
And is this progress? Maybe,
if a hundred years ago
In 1987, I was a new mother
Residential and nursing homes .
” It ' s called the principle of favorability .
Why are there different answers ?
Punishment and examinations are seen as threats.
Concise Introduction To Swami Vivekanand
His father Shri Vishwanath dutt beleived in paashvaatya culture
from the east in the belly of sacred snakes.
Make a duplicate of the photo
its different from the heat of world level in 1961-1990
But you can see the edge of the Sun,
He was world's first “”Test Tube Baby“”.
loose or broken bannisters or handrails .
Name of the GtkFileChooser backend to use by default
And that recognition will sow fear -
I call that unity God.
because they spend more than $80 a day
Show Haguichi in the notification area
the attraction of India's culture,
Two days before a strange thing had happened .
All materials are available for use.
Failed to copy the registry subkey '%s' to '%s'.
Central Food Technological Research Institute
but whether it's worth the trade-off.
Auto Format Canceled: Too many right curly braces.
This PPD is generated by foomatic.
Notice this pattern and pay attention to this pattern.
Cassatt, Mary - Summertime - 1894
It's very difficult for a politician,
Remote party host is offline
No file is supported (%i selected file)
46 . Can diabetes be prevented ?
Connecting to the server, please wait...
And HSBC, well, we know that HSBC bankrolled
A man should never neglect his family for business.
But did the regime learn anything? Not really.
What wo n't the Ombudsman usually investigate ?
Mark the selected messages as junk
we talked about the peers teaching each other
The piousness of life should be kept
Stories regarding his attachment with Akbar are ever known.
a degree of environmental awareness for instance
Hindustan Ki Kasam (1999 film)
to ensure that people like me
And they just aren't very social.
The heat-period lasts three to seven days .
in stable, growing, exciting economies
And we don't know exactly how they did this,
Can it be ? Now , at the end …
And as I was laughing, I was thinking,
M. J. P. Rohilkhand University
Cannot convert fallback '%s' to codeset '%s'
Beneath its cloak of benevolence the sword rattled .
No one wants to tangle with India .
Then you get to their political articles.
Profile version not supported by Apparmor module
In fact , not a moment too soon .
For widows bringing up children
ravana - rama kavanaus vedas patience
And how much will they pay for this?
Image and mask have different sizes.
which he then repeats on a massive scale.
in order to make just this simple visible one.
What we've found is that mechanically ventilated air
except that this is the mother of all crossword puzzles
List of Carnegie libraries in Canada
Failed to open ICC profile
The reality is that covering Britney is cheaper.
But it turns out to be illegal
Unable to read the cdrom database %s
And what you can see here
Where do they occur ?
And here's an example of a file
after a good night's sleep.
He started this with no money.
Snobbery is a global phenomenon.
the DMCA also made it legal
a gift when, for a moment, he lifts that boundary
when the number of possibilities is so huge,
But if questions affect human wellbeing
The reason that I avoided an MBA program -
Pitch black. Not a candle, not a flashlight.
There was an error displaying the help.
“Well, where are these leaders coming from?
IF YOU WANT MORE INFORMATION
Could not release screen %d on display “%s”
You can probably think of other examples .
Stansted Airport: Freephone 0800 243788
In Lebanon, it was not a book.
is that there's always a third side.
What is the way out ?
because the crazier I get onstage,
because we have to go to those,
Invalid arguments from spawned child
to put this universe together, right?
taking them home, getting access to information.
The disc in “%s” is not rewritable.
goods and services to the poor.
I had this I.S. officer's daughter,
I had an idea of starting a religious institution .
Show OSD on track change
Bruce Wayne, who becomes Batman,
this increases their trust, empathy and cooperation.
it actually takes over your computer and runs code.
where the robot pulls about two G's.
provide services which meet those standards .
Sets 2.11:1 (DVB) aspect ratio
The icon of icons finally has a face.
The ancient Sanskrit literature very ancient, vast and varied
Invalid UTF-8 encoded text in name - not valid '%s'
But I'm very excited to tell you
Thankfully , it is comparatively rare .
Who will hear my appeal ?
this only good deeds, and this the right path
At length they were forced to return.
Error while opening audio input device %s
Chambal, Betwa, Sharda and Ken are associate rivers of Yamuna.
And this is what runs our infrastructure.
This earth I loved .
The panel has encountered a fatal error
Those Rajputs people got good status at Akbar.
A.b.c.l Produce some movies which did not show any effect.
This has led to acrimony within the party .
There's enough precedent out there to show that a sustainable,
Reset Single to Default Value
babies in Japan are getting a lot worse,
of a mood-boosting bottled water?
And these are the flowers which
and the sun, and the moon.
Ravan Sita Hanuman arrived at the blast was Ashokvatika
It was committed on 25 April 1909 .
YOUR HOSPITAL ' S OWN STANDARDS
Allow plugins on these sites
Indian Administrative services also help center to control State administration.
Heathrow Airport: Freephone 0800 344844
this is no program; this is their life.
Time needed to spin up the disk
Could not leave network “{0}”
In the year 1884 Sri Vishvanath Datta died.
So whenever you want to look great and competent,
Some of these properties are locked down
The drive cannot be locked (%s)
He was released after few months.
answering to government officers must be true
Require IPv6 addressing for this connection to complete
The Cogl pixel format to use
of human cooperation in the future.
And anybody coming in new to technology,
%i update is a security update.
You have to go looking for them.
with the Argonauts and fetched the golden fleece.
Individual four editions are available
And the reason why they have to go underground
Derby Museum and Art Gallery
Run GCompris with local activity directory added to menu
ELILO installation failed. Continue anyway?
and on a third-world budget at that.
and that the people don't cooperate.
But clearly it admits of exceptions.
So we take the pizza, our very first pizza,
This app has not been reviewed yet
He looked at it carefully , then he said :
Archive does not contain expected files.
Allow proxies for shared networks
And probably the pinnacle for education
You can not delete posted movement: “%s”!
The new password must contain numeric or special character(s).
and most of the trees
“ Thank you , ” said the boy .
and we should say, “No.”
Remove the selected photos from the library
if you analyze self-help books that are produced
Archive does not contain expected files.
I'd seen it happen over and over and over again.
“ What did I tell you all this for ?
Variables, the two sons of two brothers
there's no reason why it should stay within a hospital.
You must be out of your mind.”
Every culture is trying to understand itself,
in January 2005 match between South Africa and England
Vulnerability pushed, I pushed back.
Wrap width for laying out the items in a grid
The meaning of Saint is staying faithful to one's husband
found that it's very difficult to frown
Nowadays, particularly in the United States,
culture risks being a form of entertainment.
That 's what I am trying to do . ”
Hindu religion is the most ancient religion in the world.
* Very simple user interface, quick to play music
16. Hindu festivals are linked to their happiness.
Check that you have permission to delete the emblem.
Their work does not affect contribution-based JSA .
List of Labels and their associated colors
How would you talk? How would you be
MM: Thank you. (CA: Good luck.)
and applying the principles of walking
they ate their first hamburger,
Unsupported encryption type for multipart/encrypted
The graph below shows the player's game score evolution.
Manovo-Gounda St. Floris National Park
There were strategic concerns .
Distance desktop should be zoom out while switching windows
“What is this 16-year-old boy doing with these 12-year-old boys?”
And this stuff rippled like wildfire.
The three fell silent .
It's still heavy now, and it was heavy before that,
and those moments are counting down,
The cell which currently has focus
Windows that normal resize should be used for
International Council on Monuments and Sites
And I think we make a fundamental mistake,
%d found on this page
Device could not be removed from the running machine
Why is that the case?
How to claim see page 15.
The word used four times
“Before I die, I want to plant a tree.”
Daddy's got you. That's all that's important.
My whole life, my father's been there.
Shuffle the tracks in the play queue
Ignoring override for this key.
Row-based binlogging of row failed
saying, 1986, Basit and Amjad.
List of zones of Nepal
It is not work that kills men; it is worry.
And of course the academic, insecure part of me
or understand cause and effect.
So I know a little about drawing and analyzing faces.
Pakistan is a developing country.
For UNEP partnership clean fuel and vehicle.
3.Sharad comes in between of December and November
in my part of the world.
so much that our parliament resigned,
that admits of a real argument
control of legislation on the center of the state
I brought this with me.
Here is a museum of objects related to him.
There's an ant colony from Argentina that has now
You need to configure Hamachi before you can connect.
Synchronizing MIDI and Audio Tracks
Indian News Service - National News Agency
Christmas Bonus <s> If you get one of the following:
If all conditions are met
when the machine is working in full power.
Because of this Administration grew more stronger.
“ We know each other .
And the remaining five billion,
that the act of smiling itself
Only one matter can be raised in a notice .
Essay associated with research works
Moreover , my party has nominated me .
The provincial Diwan was an important judicial officer .
is actually poised to help revolutionize drug screening
that I won't be worthy of connection.
This includes goods bought in sales .
by connecting those two dots,
the one who never does his homework.
List of African countries by population
WARNING: node <%s> not understood
Percentage of the file system blocks reserved for the super-user:
three is a crowd, and a crowd is news.
And what we call private public partnership
but I promise to bias my child with multiple perspectives.
In this process the two participants get ecstasy.
of government getting in on the crowd-sourcing game.
and it spreads the idea,
so as to maximize human flourishing.
we generate these incredible stories
Could not read default settings. You'll need to reinstall Arduino.
Please ensure that you use the appropriate form .
♫ And I have my halter-top on ♫
8 hours average carbon mono-oxide (mg/m3)
hand-me-down insights that we've been bombarded with
Tailor Pravin Dhamecha is one of them .
Strait of Juan de Fuca
If you think of the concept of Wikipedia
is that people aren't taking time for mental reflection anymore,
3. Jammu Kashmir Assembly has the power of Residual power.
and want to find the language
How soon should you call a doctor ?
Some of them says they are Baluchis.
That's probably the largest group of all.
which is what the posh schools of New Delhi,
people might start to deceive.
Basically, gerontology is a fine approach in the end,
Do I matter, or really exist for you?
It does not exist at the specified location
Not supported (src is dir, dst is existing file)
answers to most developed countries
things like heart rate, pulse, oxygen, respiration rates,
Click here to select a disc image
But I knew I felt bad about what was happening.
and therefore generalize this experience
have on this moon, under the south pole,
who was teaching English to adults in Abu Dhabi.
BMA has become such a respected event in the region
Actually, that photo was pasted in a police station,
Received on behalf of %s
What have they heard ?
have any new coal fire generating plants
Mouse accessibility requires Mousetweaks to be installed on your system.
Sulphite , free chlorine .
Specify a list of disabled plugins
SMTP server %s does not support %s authentication
or a green light, indicating the sample is safe.
The Last Kiss (2006 film)
&Open Audio in New Tab
Unable to access the requested location.
to deny its existence, to delete it,
to appreciate how fortunate we are
Central Manchester Community Drugs Team
Paragraph background RGBA as a GdkRGBA
there are two things that can increase the energy use.
and it's very possible that the solutions to those
A lot more to be said about that.
Now we've got momentum. This is the tipping point.
affected palestine violence & terrorists after September 2000
because it takes light long enough to go there.
What we started to do was to realize
Or phone their 24-hour helpline on 01453 755049 .
So , she took up painting .
He did it again in 1968.
because kids don't think about the limitations
3. Having cancer of the eyelid or the eyeball.
to pollinate the next flower - fantastic.
The idea of justice, which gives boundaries to our lives
It also tells the robot where these obstacles are.
Its capacity is up to 1.25 kilowatts.
So what PIPA and SOPA risk doing
They have this really remarkable facial expression technology
is based on foundation of arithmetic and algebra.
what you should do if your animal is sick.
Got unknown address type from SOCKS server
that in a developing country
if you like. You'll find that it's very cool
The greeter theme is corrupt
Whether the action is visible.
right scrip- use offline for download
than those that grew out of fighting fascism
It's the reason we're not in the Dark Ages anymore.
Set the current session name
And to me knowledge is something
Unhagini gini marnejuan loko,jinda ni dinajanraja ,
So he sat down -
Thankfully, baby was out - mother and child survived.
The first thing is, we're very fortunate
They insert it in feed in form of media ex-closer
And you need a strong government to do that,
Open new chats in separate windows
During his old age negligence has made his life sorrowfull
effectively what you're saying to them is,
but because we believed in our dream.
This was started from the time of Prophet Muhammad.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
Whether <a ping> should be able to send pings.
and what's possible through availability -
Choose a Certificate Authority certificate...
Settings for the audio-only decoders and encoders.
to an altitude of 40 km.
Do not allow any site to show images
But he did not answer my plea .
about a new campaign opposing privatization of transit
Whether gtk_widget_show_all() should not affect this widget
We need one today more than ever.
My husband left town with the kids
Output stream doesn't implement write
List of Fellows of the Lalit Kala Akademi
Try to transfer the current settings
This Hikamato loaded again recall that the direct route
each one claiming “'I was here first' ...
Failed to open configuration file: %s
that they want to get out
even our own bodies. You might not believe it,
by the signature they leave
to breathe through waiting for the doctor to call
List of Indian states and territories by highest point
found the trashcan behind the house.
to go to Swarthmore College for my education.
His habits weie excessively abstemious .
At that time, teachers were referred to as Munshi.
There was nothing left but their eyes .
they will jump the air line.
and we're listening to policy that doesn't make sense,
She looked at thousands of cases of humans sharing watersheds,
I know I didn't, and I still don't,
Displays a list of unvisited links.
He heard of a man called Bharat,
Audacity Timer Record - Waiting for Start
the stories they told me were about disconnection.
And I'm very proud of what they did.
Indian cinema and pop can wait .
I think Stephen Covey had the right idea.
India is already at two tons per year.
Indra snipped off their wings and made them static .
Order Quran name thinkers followed to them
From then on , the boy understood his heart .
And a professor in the University of Massachusetts,
It was made the headquarter of British Army also.
Error code %u when updating an entry: %s
- William James (1842-1910), American Philosopher
Directory '%s' couldn't be created
And so she kept those things in her desk,
Gdk debugging flags to unset
cancellation of, or cutting short your holiday;
But who is this person?
Display credits for the web browser creators
that they can post after you die.
And the camera basically tracks these four fingers
You can not duplicate a campaign, it's not supported yet.
Want to help improve Chromoting? %{LINK_BEGIN}Take the survey.%{LINK_END}
This fact is based on assumption.
when I call this red.
If in doubt seek further advice .
valuation. women (receiver) support, women (receiver) problems, women (receiver) enjoyment
Use this GPS device for Geolocation services
a 10 year-old girl gets into the heart of Hinduism
I could draw, do what I wanted to do,
Emperor Jahangir was also used to splendidly celebrate Diwali.
Try to use hardware acceleration for subtitles/OSD blending.
Or was it plain administrative inefficiency ?
one of the fundamental acts of humanity.
The quarters of internal air agency.
Flag of the Solomon Islands
but the Indus civilization remains silent.
Rajya sabhas officer definition , power , work etc.
The jurisdiction of the court was wide and included :
of foreigners on short tours
at the scale of skyscrapers.
Authentication is required to print this document
But really what they're doing is they're showing what's possible
Then, the government released him.
<a href=“http://forum.audacityteam.org/”>Forum</a> (ask your question directly, on the Internet)
Difference between Muslims groups and Christians is increasing.
It is transforming the face of hunger in Brazil,
Then, about 150 years ago,
Hindustan Samachar (in old way)
Unable to find or create trash directory
“ Who ' ve they caught ? ”
And you know, an epiphany
Then Drona became the Commander-in-chief of the army.
Well, I first discovered that the textbook was Tintin, mainly.
Checking for installed package '%s'
Barbie as the Princess and the Pauper
VPN connection has been successfully established. %s
CA: Was that piece just now,
On this day, for worship of Yama, deepak is inflamed.
She won with 75 percent of the vote.
Editable mode of the CellRenderer
I was recruited by the British Council
It sounded like a Gypsy prayer .
List of World Heritage Sites in the Americas
iv Special public prosecutors appointed by the central government .
This instant judgement is political irresponsibility .
His health again detiriorated in Almoda Prison.
List of cities in Iraq
during the course of the experiment,
It become totally in hands of asmany kingdom.
Remove (was auto installed) %s
Appreciate all the memory texts of the Vedas!
is the most important thing for development,
All fonts are either standard or embedded.
A tune-up has a significant effect on emission compounds .
You can help by doing the following :
It was a frightening bet .
There should be no shortage of good food . ”
And our babies and children are dependent on us
I'll give you a couple of seconds.
on the subject of human wellbeing?
because our brain simply doesn't accept the fact
Do you really want to empty the current project?
Blender 2.6 doesn't support python constraints yet
Who can be an organ donor ?
please suggest a remedy for this disease.
information on Gyanamritam, Veda, Aranyak, Upnishad like subject
Rajya Sabha (Council of States)
And according to St. Augustine,
Display notification when a member joins
Johannes Diderik van der Waals
Printed circuit board in Mobile Phone.
It is this merging of our self with divinity
The sun will shine into our yard too.
court has the right to forgive on this appeal
He doesn't care about religious differences, and get this:
and knocks on the door,
Use dropdown boxes instead of list of radio buttons
And so I began to realize that my American roommate
Set as background for all folders
Don ' t ask me why ;
Mahadevi has seen India before independence and after too.
Backing up to the folder %s
with so relatively low productivity.
through the evolution of ideas.
And it is all out of carbon fiber.
A file named “{0}” already exists in “{1}”
The panel will only rarely allow extra witnesses .
Parabrahma is unbounded, infinite and figure less.
These sheep have graceful upright carriage .
So this is a catastrophe.
where mothers can not feed their children,
webudaipur - Information about Udaipur.
The sync server is busy, please try again later.
He was the first 'Test Tube Baby' of the world.
than running anti-viruses or running firewalls.
Audio memory game against Tux
I was living in eastern Tibet with my family.
and politics is the six-inch layer on top.
Good service 14 <s> Information 15
But now I believe it's reached a point
She retired two years ago, only to turn our house
And if you record from several grid cells -
and put themselves in the shoes
So it's been an honor. Thank you Murray Gell-Mann.
But he interrupted me .
Of course he was !
or they were giving inputs to the farmers
Kavitavali (collection of Poems), Publisher and Printer: Geetapress, Gorakhpur.
Let us have a look at the United States.
and we did the same thing.
by supporting children all over the world
It can be called the granary of the Andamans .
so it would seem we were just out shopping.
Higher values slow down scrolling.
commercialized this thing called the Icyball in 1928,
We're always trying to make it faster.
by our international banking system,
Indian states ranking by underweight people
Agriculture was yet to emerge as a substantial consumer .
Determines the current progress of the download
The responses table has been renamed to:
When I have a mother of an autistic child say,
The year 2001 was an itinerant one for Shakeela .
We can use technology for transparency, and many other things.
we can do it much better.
it's also going to make us better people.
Multitude in the poetry of Harivansh Rai Bachchan
Create a Search Folder from Subject...
Set the specific file to show
are recharged at less than 20 cents at each recharge.
If the toggle action should be active in or not
List index must be non-negative.
Save the selected images with a different name
Here more than 300 languages are being spoken|
They instinctively follow the leader .
Printer '%s' may not be connected.
How else to explain his words of needless praise ?
Transformed JPEG2000 has zero width or height
to get to the nectar.
because so many people were run over by the trains
So how do you actually go around finding online criminals?
and essentially that the whole thing
so ram waitedf& killed all the demons
and my world is always better than your world,
is I was somewhat frightened,
Gyanamritam - Due information about Vedas, Aranyak, Upnishads, etc.
and the record companies that are folding,
Your JSA will not usually be affected as long as:
Reached top of page, continued from bottom
Take care if you buy at an auction.
Error changing VM configuration: %s
or that we will have scientific answers to every
IP Telephony, VoIP and Video Conferencing
As an architect, I have to confront something like this.
Display notification when the connection is lost
and sitting last year at TEDActive,
making shirts for about 10 cents an hour.
setting live region to polite
Number of active devices for the RAID${LEVEL} array:
It should be called invisible matter,
It's a real challenge in the future.
I'm not going to even begin to try.”
Because when people talk about intervention,
No body will not forget him.
_Update the network list every %S _second
In the name of HAZ they started touring KABA.
and now let's see if it gets my facial expressions.
Display notification when a member comes online
I've been asking myself that question.
Annual temperature of Mumbai remains between maximum and minimum.
Category:Democratic Republic of the Congo
but in the context of a society like in Afghanistan,
and you can remind them that you vote,
Gamabhana: Omkar Joshi's guide for Hindi language (WYSWYG).
Hide system title bar and use compact borders
to a woman at home alone.
Let me just show you one thing.
The Mumbai city developed by Mumbai Ship Organisation.
because the name “India” comes from the river Indus,
and this is one of them.
is that denser places tend to have lower emissions -
But the dull Diwali contradicts this hope .
The GDM group should not be root. Aborting!
that the rest of life does.
Best Creations of Jai Shanker Prasad
2008 Mutua Madrileña Masters Madrid
it was opposed by Supreme Court
This profile is intended for the Amazon Kindle.
In Mumbai, Gandhiji lived in Manibhavan.
Could not lock temporary file '%s': %s
And that's good, it gets two plusses.
Survey settings were successfully saved.
And awkward little affairs .
It may sound impressive that we're seeing lots of patients,
If you need help looking after yourself
And yet, in the world, there are so many people
Well an idea is that that strategy, that learning strategy,
you can radically transform the quality of your relationships
because often in this country,
Place cells are also being recorded in humans.
they also left there arch on these matters
Could not install package: '%{ERRORCODE}'
that tell them what its citizens need.
we could use this time to invest
nautilus: -check cannot be used with other options.
You've heard in the past several years,
Directory/file permissions for XML source at root %s are: %o/%o
But he was also considerably more conservative,
Vishakha invited the Buddha to the house .
invalid name '%s': two successive hyphens ('-') are not permitted.
Audacity could not load file: %s. Bad png format perhaps?
for solutions that are only relevant for a locality,
Central Board of Film Certification
Now they're actually interacting with each other.
bed bugs, killer bees, spam -
Error: This question has no answers.
and should, use on daily basis. Right?
will come to love and understand classical music.
what you should do if you're arrested,
that were running up and down this embankment.
“Honestly, geez, what are my chances?”
1947 Chuck Yeager breaks the sound-barrier
Number of days to wait before next auto backup
Unable to get Hardware profile: %s
All of that is over.
Governance, well it's fun to vote in a little thing,
Are you sure you want to delete the network “{0}”?
Now, this ability to put information into categories,
Do you want to trust “$1%{CERTIFICATENAME}” as a Certification Authority?
Please enter the new password for this network.
National Council of Educational Research and Training
And finally goes to E, and it's home.
sounds like when he plays the piano.
that it's okay to be whole,
Sound data are in unsupported format.
you know, productivity, quality, patient-centered care,
Learning development started from 10 years to 15 years between.
services that give you a break
Failed to remove file '%s': %s
the transfer of genetic material
%s: Could not read Client Address
His eyes wandered anxiously round the shop .
Hindi blogs - hindi blog director(female)
Fax no : 0114 259 3728
The stock icon displayed on the item
The web view that will be printed
- Take photos and videos from your webcam
it's okay just to say, “Next question.”
because, you know, prevention is better than cure.
under an umbrella, in her pajamas, barefoot,
Now, looking back, the most harrowing
Play games that challenge your verbal aptitude
Soon the city was renamed to Fathapur Shikri
All Games (Logic, Mental Calculation, Memory and Verbal Analogies)
I always loved political cartoons,
guess what they got; they got me.
and doing all kinds of extracurricular activities.
HP: Don't imitate my voice.
we accomplished that with mechanical ventilation.
And what I mean by that
Please put a blank CD in the drive.
but, because of America's cultural and economic power,
1995: Pope John Paul II (in the Bojinka plot)
Festival (text-to-speech)- Festival- Hindi text-to-speech programme (download)
Contact SCODA for more details.
But we have to build up the state .
There is a missing print filter for printer '%s'.
photos of diwali of vrundaavan
how ugly such a regime was
I've seen them do it from a village called Diggles
Exchange data with the computer named %{HOSTNAME}
Vertical Adjustment for the widget
And the translations of the surviving texts say,
Click here to change your name and/or color
4. Comes under the special powers of House.
The very idea of nationhood had completely disappeared .
More preferences can be edited directly in the file
a little baby boy named Roosevelt Grier was born.
who have built their livelihoods
Brotherhood and Unity in Politics
You may delay, but time will not.
Display notification when a member leaves
once I got here to Palm Springs.
But behind it all the agony of suspense .
It could alter the vector, but like Artemisia,
Time: %0.3f sec; Latency: %0.0f usec.
This budh culture since 9 years .
If TRUE, the selected month cannot be changed
what else could children do with a computer.
cancellation of , or cutting short your holiday ;
and reach everyone who needs it,
section 3 bothered by noise
is that Indians today are far more
you have the international cartel of good intentions
Reconnect automatically when the connection is lost
Well, okay, technically it's actually about Greenpeace,
things got worse, not better. How?
after that he started writing as premchand
Draw as radio menu item
Many crops were taken to new place and seeded.
Ayub families Saladin come nearer to Christians and win again.
Guru some importent temples seeing
with any halfway decent meritocratic idea.
5 Gorkha Rifles (Frontier Force)
He exchanged his thoughts with Saint Kabir.
At the same time they began to advance southwards .
we'll be here with the ultimate sixth sense brain implant.
with their lava lamp-like mammatus clouds.
There's something about that long childhood
Unable to create new folder ‘%s': %s
The Matrix: Path of Neo
and one of them was the urbanist
Are you sure you want to delete “{0}”?
Failed to update survey permissions!
A ball that has cooled down .
There's something I'm developing here called social intensity syndrome,
Not only will it raise itself to 115 Fahrenheit,
His sister was Akbar's brother's Queen|
Finding datable objects poses a challenge for NIOT .
There are many large rivers in India|
Access your open tabs on all of your devices.
Decisions of things happening among yourselves.
Disability and Housing Policy housingpolicy_disability@detr.gov.uk
That was the level of rhetoric.
Your notes are now up to date.
Al is a fire hydrant in the city of Boston.
So for this, we developed many different types
Jaypee University of Information Technology
so it actually acts like a paper input-output system,
He looked in through the window , too . ”
The Office (U.S. TV series)
Allow login if all write permissions on user's home directory
Communist Party of India (Marxist)
or is it a terrible picture?
But instead of just showing us the information,
Fitting in is way overrated.
some of them I'd sent to jail
A standalone about dialog that is shared between apps.
And if it goes horribly wrong, no worries.
He also had long talks with the new Viceroy .
Open the currently open folder in a terminal
And it's very important to have political reforms,
octal value is greater than \377
Dainik Jagaran is most popular news paper of North India.
BMC provide drinking water to the city
and guide me gently back to my seat.
and absolute knowledge and wisdom,
Raiders of the Lost Ark
Where the percentage of illiteracy is very high,
Keep signature above the original message on replying
Question in language %s could not be created.
We're looking at millimeter accuracy
look, if people are taping stuff off the radio
Select keyboards or other input sources
and ship them to Canada
it teaches them to think on their feet.
Failed to upload the debug report (error code %d).
Skandagupta (Google book; author: Jaishankar Prasad)
expensive, state-of-the-art measures to prove how
If you remain concerned you can have a review .
Try loading the page anyway
Not available in offline mode
Lists of Indian film industries
In its first phase this party was confined to Karachi.
But we should make sure that they are our own.
Free NHS wigs and fabric supports
Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur
Perhaps there might have been other hidden(political)reasons behind it.
This idea of compassion comes to us
There after 26th January 1950 india become an Republic state.
List of current Indian governors
{0} joined the network {1} and {2} other network
I have to tell you about my childhood.
They completed the journey on those mountains on foot.
This is a 100,000-volt Tesla coil
And I looked at India and said,
Dock the inspector into the main window
Assign all the groups belonging to this profile
He passed the competitive examination in 1869 .
The size of the texture, in pixels.
Keep the original size of mosaic elements.
they were only referring to the Israeli and Palestinian conflict.
Shane Warne sold for 450,000 dollars.
We're doing great. We're doing fine.
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest
What a singular coincidence ! ”
Prime Minister of the United Kingdom
and be saying to yourself,
Revolters disappeared after Muavieo Rzi became a caliph
Rajya sabha s importance in union territory
this is a little fantail bird.
The richness and fullness of the dialogue
on staying in the lane -
This also Lal Kila or Red Fort.
He is also known for his unique punch style.
with all its buildings and the Eiffel Tower,
You're sitting there in class,
the sense that in today's world
Did he think they were still there ?
Get a hint for your next move
Hostname is an IP address
Don't you have color in France?”
PRC Envelope #10 324 x 458 mm
This kind of thing happens a lot.
, Wet Gain = %.0fdB
works in a bit of a strange way.
One of the other ideas that comes around
Odor, smell arise due to sewage and industrial procedures.
- Swami Shri Sudarshnacharya ji
This will open %'d separate window.
India was among the early starters in air transport .
As the novelty wore off, the months went by,
Humans in the developed world
You need also state ownership,
Thousands of books have been written about him,
A quiet word about noise and formal action
The second one, they were actually split
My mother explained the magic with this machine
Failed to load remote file.
Indian Institute of Technology Madras
tells you that small sales
And when I was writing my thesis on cell phones,
But if you think about it,
Failed to set IV for decryption: %s / %s.
So once the Khan Academy -
Please enter a comma separated list of email addresses.
He even wrote a poem titled Ganga.
Her husband prince Bhojraj was son of Maharana Sanga.
when they don't even feel the pain yet.
Press any key to continue...
so this is the real representation.
and the time, for them, is everywhere.
He was of the of Sikandar Lodhi.
$1%{PRODUCT_NAME} is now importing the following items from $2%{IMPORT_BROWSER_NAME}:
Include all networks created by this client
This is some subcontinental brotherhood . Really ?
In fact Puranas are expanded version of Vedas.
Well, heart cells are pretty greedy.
Due to this income of Jizya decreased.
Remove the selected input method from the enabled input methods
that city became like a second heaven
When the horizontal scrollbar is displayed
to rediscover our sense of adventure?
Air Pollution Triggers Blood Clots
to find out how to actually get involved.
Whoa! Chromium has crashed. Relaunch now?
have to be met efficiently
Make %{PRODUCTNAME} my default browser
with these unruly kids, saying, “Now, whatever you do,
Only one option can be given at a time
and your teacher is handing back quiz papers,
Bachan is married to actress Jya Bhatudi.
%{APPNAME} has crashed. Click this balloon to reload the extension.
They reassure themselves as best they can .
Show disk view 'Free' column on startup
Indic IME (Indic Input Method Extension).
and the ordinary matter just trails along behind.
India at the 1968 Summer Olympics
This is what these children are doing.
“What should you not be?
It preps you. It aims you.
&Open Video in New Tab
Adjusts the contrast of the picture coming from the camera
And I went to see one of these experiments,
Bhabruvahan: Son of Arjun and chitrangadha.
Plant,Dr.Sadee,“”On Mobile- mobile effect on Social and personal life“”,2001
How to appeal against a decision
wondering if I wasn't lost in a strange land.
and very crushing if you're not.
Width of process 'nice' column
all of the contours of the mountains
apart from this, there are some words discovered here.
its important place is Taiwan
in all the places that require testing.
A hazard may be: <s> Biological; eg salmonella in chicken;
that they wanted to start training they local entrepreneurs,
Mark as default memo list
He had decided to take help from Roos
Add grouping to tab context menu
I believe these are the building blocks for future peace.
Doctors, dentists, opticians and pharmacists
Languages to use for spell checking
A mare carries her young for 340 days .
Error deleting invalid passphrase from keyring (%s)
the African dictator or minister or official.
Because when systems are broken,
“I'm coming.” Italian hand signals follow.
They do it till the semen is completely ejaculated.
Is it possible to produce such mountains ?
Paste Te&xt to New Label
The next day will be Dipawali
In rights of reading, such all talks are included.
Indian cultures' roots are Vedas|
I said, “Well what about your dreams?”
Because we want these puzzles to be difficult.
It was as if something were surrounding them .
by which we improve our society.
If the home is not on the accepted list
To copy, distribute and transmit the work.
Goes to previous heading at level %d.
In this example there may no long-term problem .
To access Security settings enter the SIM card PIN
by stopping the damage converting into pathology.
Allow popups on these sites
There are no ICC profiles for this window
What difference does it make, which one I choose?
one never knows ) .
Failed to open TIFF image
Overdub: &Play other tracks while recording new one
XML node '%s' not found.
Why are we still stuck in Afghanistan?
Warning: you are switching to developer channel
Whether grid lines should be drawn in the tree view
on your car, in a stick-shift car.
that will allow us to get to escape velocity?
And when you're describing your science, beware of jargon.
He suddenly felt tremendously happy .
In the last 20 years,
Mahavir Harina Vanasthali National Park
it asks the user, “You can also be an innovator.
His batting is based on excellent balance and control.
they can harvest this water.
Now for those of us who've given up on government,
Whether this tag affects the font family
and seeing the tiny joys that make life so sweet
Several leading Muslims combinely accepted him as Caliph.
but I'd have to borrow everyone else's time.
Now let me put it this way,
Only retrieve synced settings and data
He campaigned for Samajwadi Party, and Mayawati came to power.
Power distribution principle in Indian constitution.
Rajya sabha has three special powers.
Shree Guru Vallabh told and explained principle difference.
You have declined the upgrade to Ubuntu %s
Who said yes to this document - Truth
Only answer this if the following conditions are met:
and that by engaging with them,
we can even halt the lion of war.
YR: This year, I am 32 years old,
But then, as the viewership kept growing and kept growing,
Incomplete metadata for this CD
you have logic, you have computer programming,
This is why you keep sacrificing virgins,
Those side effects accumulate and eventually cause pathology.
Your doctor , nurse or midwife will explain why .
Whether dropdowns should look like lists rather than menus
Shariyath and Islam legal studies
List of airports by IATA code: E
into this complicated 12-dimensional space,
maybe you can see a word cloud of the tags,
for individuals, and even for whole cultures
Are you sure you want to remove all passwords?
And I go to those shops, if there are any,
Especially because, I suspect, some of you may still be
full of innovative people making films despite great technical odds?
And so I think we shouldn't be so eager
.Sarojini Naidu with Mahatma Gandhi
Always runs plugins that require authorization
that they want to make their own decisions;
Why is the system so strict ?
Some of the changes include:
13. Past policies have contributed to the problem.
where the water hyacinth couldn't grow,
and torturing and killing young women.
So the red one fires on this grid
66. We will return these documents by first class post.
This industry makes about 150-200 movies each year.
and all that, and then you can unstick yourself.
Toggle whether we announce when our buddies are typing.
And she said, “What would I miss?
Convert to PS level 1
Rumi's(1207-1273)masnavi is the great example of this.
by the firing of boundary-detecting cells.
with 4,512 women, including the first lady,
globalization as a positive factor,
Large version of white pointer
Display notification when a member leaves
Grade for the United States government: A.
Volcanic eruptions are like fires in a chimney .
Where to get help and advice
How do curators use type specimens to do this ?
and general human resources are there.
Whether to enable private browsing
These messages have been started from Adam.
The effect on water elements is more.
C.A.: A lot of people want to believe in this
Skeptic is the quarterly publication.
There is an active process on this tab.
The selected folder is not writable.
when they're reporting on a doodling scene -
top centuries in test matches(47)
“ We are men of the desert . ”
main daemon: Got SIGABRT. Something went very wrong. Going down!
Could not perform the operation
5 . Look and listen again
Instead, He erroneously killed a businessman named “”Ernest Day“”.
Cannot create folder lock on %s: %s
And so, Pranav turns the page of the book
2001 Monte Carlo Masters - Singles
I did not know what to say to him .
remember the importance of nurturing
Screen brightness and lock settings
because it unites them all.”
to balance work and life
Injury during the shooting of Coolie in 1982.
both on looking at a new business plan,
that was laid between those two cities
what I think it comes down to
you are sick or disabled
The device was removed or unplugged
The red may be very light or almost black .
The railroad farms also provides others with employment .
This also is absurd .
Vehicle registration plates of India
It has an app, a Web and mobile app,
The extant moulded basement is in hard granite stone .
that makes it look realistic?
EPA in June 2006 PPB announced new boarder.
It will redefine your sense
Indian Agricultural Statistics Research Institute
Exports also increased pari passu .
It's perhaps harder than ever before,
Last year, for various reasons,
Test the network after resuming.
The three types are :
that those early teachers had emailed me about.
Always allow %{HOST} to access your camera and microphone
Forward calls to the given host if busy
Exporting the entire project using command-line encoder
It is very disturbing .
to start thinking about how we might
Arguments supporting the parliamentary form of government
Now there's often no right or wrong here.
after my daughter said, “Mom, you should do that.”
_Update the network list every %S _second
Several weeks before the arrangements of Diwali is started
And I've summarized those things, for me personally,
An action force driven by leadership vision .
So, preaching for freedom of speech
Had she fallen asleep ?
And the other kind tell you how to cope
“ I used to love dancing . ”
How do these holes in ozone layer occur ?
“We want a faster processor and a better mouse.”
a total of %d time
It may be desirable to seek further advice .
And no longer the sole domain
And companies like Navigenix and DNA Direct and 23andMe,
Error opening keyring ‘%s' for reading:
Daag: A Poem of Love
to express the emotions and behavioral patterns
And I don't know if you can read the lettering,
List of cities in Indiana
that Afghanistan is an existential threat
while the country of Iran, equally, as if another character,
we've been getting hundreds of letters, emails, phone calls
Attempt to set invalid NRC map '%c'.
on the continent are the women.
SreeGangasahasrnamasthrothram and Aarathi are famous among them.
And I will go you one further.
that comfort foods really do make you feel better?
“Bang! so many million dollars for so-and-so player.”
Use %A for address and %N for nickname
That was a great day for my mother.
The old and new passwords are too similar.
He is self originated and maker of world.
to reset your ears and to recalibrate
Who is to be blamed for such a catastrophe ?
Premchand and farmer,national demonstration,1918-22(Googul Book- writer-Beer Bharat Talwar)
file '%s', line %d: '%s' ignored after group header.
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (film)
This was noticed by Humayun.
She was married with the Maharana of Udaypur, Kumar Bhojraj.
And said, “I'm so embarrassed.
They draft and edit their writing .
A lot of good experiments in this.
Of course, sexual health isn't only about controlling diseases.
Send this command by email
KBS: An inner city school in Hyderabad.
He was really very angry .
which is moving the plates around and so forth.
the next rights are sold for 55 million dollars.
The businessman raised his head .
Use a Real Folder for Trash:
Block cookies on these sites
And therefore technology has gone
The most popular news sites don't do much better.
You can get along without me for an audience !
Please respond on behalf of <b>%s</b>
And this has come as a great boon to them.
Do not smoke anywhere near the baby .
And they would put a number: “Please call this number
my policing journey and my prison journey.
You're signed in to Chrome!
There's one community of children in southern India
Controlling on President's power for declaring ordinance
Could not parse “%s” as a floating point number
It was also racialist in concept .
URL of SSH server containing Tomboy synchronization directory.
The font size in points.
was within three days walk.
But a demographic dividend is only as good
all the way to an altitude of 40 km.
Select the H.239 Video Role
Could not access any fingerprint readers
For more information, contact your Jobcentre
WAV (Microsoft) signed 16 bit PCM
The URI of the history item
that they preferred me on YouTube than in person.
Helping with your children's reading
Cannot add folder, cannot determine folder's type
Order the sun to set … ”
Network name is already taken
How the range should be updated on the screen
Advantages of the prime ministerial type of government.
Linux users: Try to install pyenet through your package manager.
to about 6.5 percent now.
and you smile to express joy
Error in address ‘%s' - the port attribute is malformed
It's a hot plate made of clay.
List of country calling codes
reviewed %(appname)s in Ubuntu: %(rating)s %(summary)s %(link)s
Somewhere a stream or a rivulet
And then there was always a silence.
Unable to find an item with URI '%s'
Rajendra Nagar Terminal railway station
Election Commission's procedure / function
by the problem of anonymous shell companies,
And she said, “I don't love you anymore.”
Sunni Islam has 5 pillars.
Disable support for all POP3 extensions
This stream will always be opened at VLC startup.
that we all have - to make poverty history -
I'm just going to show you how the robot works.
So long as the sun shines,
Failed to open configuration file '%s': %s
But anyway, I think we need to beat them again.
all the four brothers has 2 son each
As you can see, it's impossible to read.
I was also building something
Because there is a lot of autism genetics here.
Feverish babies should have few, even no blankets.
Now, if you begin to look at the idea
A simplified example is shown on the next page .
Can not enumerate files in directory '%s'
He was the only son of Motilal Nehru.
I'm going to talk about feasibility as well, of course.
Oh, it's almost 50/50. Okay.
Length %u is too long for address
To consider the books of religion free from fault.
screensaver already running in this session
just some kind of idea of how many viruses,
And for me, I was my greatest experience.
to make it look more Swedish.
You might not agree with my views .
Telephone: 0202 7944 3487 <s> Fax: 020 7944 3489
” And to do that , you need money .
Because in the context of everything else,
highways, bridges, things like that.
Create a new meeting request
enhances mood, provides focused concentration,
Friends of the High Line.
The story rests on a fundamental platform
The current page in the document
Import HandyShopper stores and per-store price and aisle information.
Mental calculation. Arithmetical operations that test your mental calculation abilities.
Miracles happen to only those who believe in them.
Print all key/value pairs in a directory.
44 meters wide, 22 meters in diameter.
No. She could not understand anything .
so that it's more intuitive to use that way.
Character out of range for UTF-16
akra kay or about army
is really just the beginning of the story
or scales of listening positions, that you can use.
Bhagirathi is the main branch of river Ganges
I'm going to give one more complication.
for which Leonardo posed as a boy of 15.
but gandhari came in between and stopped it.
obviously, I would need a different design of a cellphone.
Couldn't recognize the image file format for file '%s'
Now I don't mean to mock,
What is RSS Feed bull sheet?
because it feels and looks grown-up
Bollywood, Hindi Film Industry is also situated in Mumbai.
Please choose at least %d answer(s) for question “%s”
No handler found for XML node '%s', class '%s'!
Printer '%s' is low on at least one marker supply.
How many of you still dream like that
Please provide an unique name to identify this signature.
because I felt it's important
based on planets and star constellations?
Likewise it helped the people coming from iran
whenever you are taking passenger's seat,
Could not delete network “{0}”
are never going to solve the problems of poverty.
all along the economic spectrum.
Do you want to return to the partitioner?
She dashed out of the passage .
my wardrobe has on the environment
of our Sun's magnetic activity -
where they'll benefit just a few of the elite.
The geographical map of Nepal
had just offered him a teaching appointment,
on the relation of central state administrative
101 - 103 Oldham Street
he's alive, he's a living presence.
It also has to be sufficiently detailed.
the country has also undertaken political reforms
Now we've given up with the idea of sermons.
elementary OS %(version)s Upgrade Available
maximum runs(over 17000) scored in one day international cricket.
the cover of our upcoming crossover.
Uttara's marriage was done with Abhimanyu|
The height of the underlying wayland surface
does not represent a language at all.
Your elementary OS release is not supported anymore.
In 1937 China and Japan were fighting against each other.
You've probably heard of it.
Property ‘%s' is not writable
But not so - let me demonstrate.
Hello ! My name is Lock.
Don't present an existing Rhythmbox window
Why should we weep to wet skies
It generally appears during monsoon season .
The free space following the partition, in megabytes
in this 2 army person and one civilian killed
And really there are four things here.
Failed to convert file “%s” to Unicode.
prostate tumor activity is shown in red - you can
Please select a valid backup file to restore.
The connection to this server was refused.
A dictator cannot live without the force.
And so given these formidable obstacles,
There was regular gathering of priests at home.
that you're as healthy as your gut.
So there's something that goes on off the end there.
even no Hindi schools, [unclear] schools.
perhaps he ' s gone mad . Poor fellow !
How could she go away ?
The whole process took not more than two minutes .
So teachers become great actors and great actresses,
The folder “%s” contains more files than Nautilus can handle.
The second house ever built is house number two.
It is dated 6 August 1932 .
List of cities in Mexico
Final prophetess Sal ah prevailed in many places
Don't lock when at home
He started a computer tournament for
Make sure your child can be easily seen .
Failed to create the recorder: %s
because children quickly learn to navigate
aren't exactly what the world needs?
So, how do you make education better?
2004 Monte Carlo Masters - Singles
Generates .cue files from audio
Allow all incoming IPP Browse packets
Send the selected attachments somewhere
Krupacharya: The Brahmin Guru of Hastinapur
Barah 7.0 and Barah IMI: Free editor of Indian languages
The revenues increase at a higher level,
It meant something to them.
what percentage of the federal budget went to foreign aid,
26 January is celebrated as Republic day of India
Connecting to graphical console for guest
2006 was a great year.
* Smaller selection means easier to find good music
<small><i><b>Note:</b> Terminal applications have these colors available to them.</i></small>
They were relieved and happy .
Battle of the Ten Kings
Now, this despite the fact that I lived in Nigeria.
Display notification when a member leaves
5 pillars of Sunni Islam
he had decided to get help from Roose.
Just admitting this will transform our discourse about morality.
But problems other than pricing have become more pressing .
Include all networks created by this client
where people are murdered indiscriminately.
Later on he became famous by the same name.
Display a dialog when there are errors running the screensaver
A simple applet for testing the GNOME panel
With the result we have very high productivity,
that involves lots of people getting together,
This survey is NOT anonymous.
Do you want to download it ?
And I worked in the healthcare industry.
To use Draw, choose 'Waveform' in the Track Drop-down Menu.
Number of Hymns in Shivpurana is twenty four thousands.
So I look up and I'm thinking,
%s has sent back the following meeting response:
Death: Death can catch you anywhere, anytime,
There was an error initializing the midi i/o layer.
You can get more information from the DSS website.
All India Institute of Medical Sciences
Post a message to a Public folder
They are frustrated as hell with it,
Two of the most valuable things we have are time
Select all replies to the currently selected message
and the world has never been the same since.
We could not believe it.
Called the husband, the husband came,
India operating system solution or boss
allow or prohibit certain websites,
Show information about the music player
Millions lost their life in these bomb attacks.
I drew, and I drew,
It was honesty and transparency that brought us together.
No Certificate Authority certificate chosen
Why have the courts taken so long to decide ?
Global Catalog Server is not reachable
This is how its performed.
And third, it had to be what Amitabha calls
The politicians themselves are not too worried .
The device pixel ratio of the viewport.
and - my personal favorite -
baraha 7.0 baraha IMI:free indian language
The name of the widget
Two factors mainly contribute to this world-shaking development.
Eastern Time - Quebec - most locations
Allow comments on your entry.
The Constitution of India is unique in many ways .
The link “%s” is broken. Move it to Trash?
The type of the values in the interval
There was great a community of his devotees.
Let religion become more important than politics .
It's a project by The Long Now Foundation,
Present on-screen information as speech or braille
let's stop fighting for a moment and start talking.
” What merit is there in singing ?
And something else happened instead.
Behind each image is a story.
Atwal had wiped his doubts clean in Singapore .
Width of scrollbar or scale thumb
Hamas and Islamic Jihad engage in violence against Israelis?
access to the things we want.
You met quite a few .
He regarded Danda as the fountainhead of politics .
Rory Stewart: Okay, I think Libya poses the classic problem.
is this view that national borders
Really Simple Syndication is wonderful
Amongst these Salafi and Devbandi are major.
“”Dipawali“”(Diwali) is the premier festival of “”Hindus“”
But today, finally, after economic reforms,
Sections of Veda (anga) and sunsections (upanga)
I mean, these are state assets.
Talk very briefly about innovation cycles, things that grow,
Well I'd like to talk about Brazil,
so therefore, the answer must be
But potentially more important than this
this himnath is 24 K.m length,9K.m wide and 90K.m hight
These were criminals, crooks, dangerous,
Know what is normal for you
Imports ICS attachments to calendar.
That's why I said that this is a commercial break.
Couldn't allocate memory for loading JPEG file
Moves flat review to the word above the current word.
All ants are social and no solitary species exists .
Chitra basically remixes and re-titles
Hindu worship places are called as temples.
No , that was no real way out either .
Uttar Pradesh is India's largest State(on the basis of population).
Usually a gold or porcelain crown adds further protection .
Their food also includes tea and snacks.
three governments have been doing this for 45 years,
Sha is kha in Shukla Yajur Veda.
United Nations Commission on Human Rights
to the order of the government.
And the fact that France
unexpected ” at position %d in '%s'.
We have to turn it, go up and go down.
Opacity to use for active windows with metacity theme decorations
The name of the property
to even support their own families -
The switch is always white .
They say that a picture is worth a thousand words,
%s at the start of the appointment
secession is intended for making a new arena of nation
you're going to look not so impressive.
That is the scale at which
but I think we can begin to think about them.
All columns have same width
She blushed a little and her eyes wandered hesitantly .
He knew he was stronger than his friend .
but Gandhari, Mother of Durodhana intervened and stopped it.
People who are studying full-time cannot usually get JSA .
Enable Google Now notifications support.
Print the known running applications
That is a pretty solid contribution
Indian constitution is the biggest written constitution of the world.
It involves no plagiarism .
Slaughter of Duryodhana and the end of the Mahabharata war.
But we do not know his face.
One phone with touch screen facility.
We don't even have geography uniting us,
which make it so difficult for
Remember my credit card details
And then you ask them how they establish their taxonomy
Central Board of Secondary Education
Remote user rejected the call
Check whether prices quoted include VAT .
Print the output of a query (rows) vertically.
Display the comment of each event
preventing avian flu. Thank you.
List of political parties in Gibraltar
and she loaded the laundry
Quaran's order fulhana,scholors has taken up,tabatabein has saw it
He is the ultimate truth, most powerful and omniscient.
Select Address book for Pidgin buddy list
in Africa, Asia and Latin America. Nineteen to one.
This organisation protection,limitations of UCLA law,vol 53 no 29 2005
During this process,hair growth all around the penis takes place.
Please edit the preferences of the UI Translate addon
He can ask for additional information.
Hindi editor and spell check
Other Articles are not related with division of powers
Whether to antialias Xft fonts; 0=no, 1=yes, -1=default
Printer '%s' has no toner left.
have been making millions of dollars
who said, “This walk connects us to the world.”
EFolderList XML for the list of completion URIs
Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons
Jawahar lal nehru an example (1889-1964)
in the world after all.
Include addresses from my Address Book card
This gave Indian mills a tremendous competitive advantage .
as compared with Country B,
{0} went offline in the network {1}
So here the processes on board
“Dick, I wonder what would be the difference
Sur's writings in The books.
that would be really ineffective.
The benglow of commitment some important one for all
Can my representative be a lawyer ?
A censure motion is distinct from a no-confidence motion .
High Courts have civil/criminal , original and appellate jurisdiction .
Dependency '%s' failed to load
It is open each working day (Tel: FREEPHONE 0500-844111).
It is a win-win-win situation
a place of despair, in need of charity.
Rhythmbox couldn't access the CD.
and deliver it in the same manner
Bhagwan Mahaveer Sanctuary and Mollem National Park
What did we do to their brains?
US[ Default value for ftp]
Failed to get Tracker connection: %s
this equation, by all means, talk nerdy to me. (Laughter)
Your time to answer this question has expired
Place your left middle finger on %s
International Air Transport Association airport code
I've always been fascinated by the Indus script
she decided to take them into the garden
The little prince gazed at them .
Requests to the server have been blocked by a policy.
It was all there .
After he became a representative of revolutionaries Apre group
Take a picture of the screen
Not a valid terminal config file.
Enjoy life. This is not a dress rehearsal.
Switch between open windows using buttons
Include this account when downloading messages
%s the Fish, the fortune teller
Vincent Van Gogh, Village Street in Auvers - 1890
The trash folder may not be deleted
that when you're talking about unintended consequences,
Please download and install the latest Hamachi version.
The capital of Uttarpradesh is Lakhnau.
See pages 50 - 52 for more on guarantees .
Enter a paragraph style name
Towards a more inclusive system
you have grammar, you have genetics,
and to monitor water quality conditions as they unfold.
now India is growing between eight and nine percent -
This theme suggests a font:
There was a problem during recovery image download.
to form their own ecosystem
In between the famous khyber pass can be located.
And that mathematics is at the core
from a university in Ghana has a stronger sense
Whether Java support should be enabled.
Eastern Time - east Nunavut - most locations
father's orders was very important for him
Because this is where we are.
Story and the novel both born in the epoch-making change
You can get further details from your housing association landlord.
These are called 'Nabi' in Islam
So Acumen made not one, but two bridge loans,
they imagine that some scientific theory -
The process of ' Indianisation ' was slow .
Login failed, please connect to the internet and try again.
This one we're zooming in on
Uttar Pradesh has maximum districts in the country.
Pixels of extra space on the bottom side
Allow all sites to show desktop notifications
‘/%d' is not a valid netmask.
and she played with them all the time.
that we're running through the United States
“%{EXTENSIONNAME}” is currently capturing audio for speech recognition.
while you're treating a large number of people for free.
Still they brought many customs and usages from there .
Error writing to handle: %s
Empty passphrase is not allowed.
An internal error occurred (%s)
Anonymous tag found and tags can not be created.
These don't go till they are not removed or replaced.
Whether the sidebar should be visible.
The 'diff' command was not found
And we drove for eight hours
and didn't end up winning the prize.
Reconnect automatically when the connection is lost
I am currently out of the office
Seeta Swayamvar (Painter: Ravi Verma)
70 percent of the operating system
Shade format is “shade/basecolor/factor”, “%s” does not fit the format
could be a source of danger.
equivalently call either robust human rejuvenation or longevity escape velocity.
If possible , these dates will then be avoided .
To edit the software sources, you need to authenticate.
every flock of birds in the sky.
what part to pick up,
You need to enter your current password
Vashist called Bharat and Shatrughn from their maternal house.
Accelerator to move the current tab to the right.
Enable or disable spell checking web service
A token table has been created for this survey.
States of India by tax revenues
Marco Polo mentioned them as ' Necaveram ' .
that there's some really difficult stuff on this computer.
Dennis Hong: I'm so happy for you.
“ That makes sense , ” the alchemist answered .
♫ No one can ever say it's true ♫
A system error has occurred
and it has vibrating elements on the knuckle part,
He likes chocolate, he likes vanilla.
His social movement gained momentum and became very popular .
Gandharai : Doughter of King Gandhara and wife of Dhritarashtra.
saleti: Incorporating all facilities, Online and devnagari Capable (WYSWYG)
on solitude, hanuman met sita and gave her ram's signet.
” But you don ' t know about love .
The Car Nicobar is the most densely populated island .
Killing of Bhishma and Drona
Well after two years, I've come to the conclusion
it creates the dissolution of reality.
of a landed property family.
but that won't change the energy use very much.
they're wiping out socially with girls
In one case British were very fearful.
The shape of Rajasthan is like a kite.
but gandhiji didn't agreed to break the pact
It ' s not something you would understand . ”
and he leaped to the treacherous waters below.
Failed to read symbolic link %s: %s
Whether the window buttons should be visible.
Install, remove and upgrade software packages
“You've been around for 36 months, and this is it?”
have to make an important difference that can
Choose a device for sound input:
Show Haguichi in the notification area
The SELinux security context of the file.
If you have a two, three, or four year old
Kabir divine friends, mothers, fathers and as husbands
Wait running until at least one client is connected
Failed to expand exec line '%s' with URI '%s'
{0} joined the network {1}
They are not even called .
Display notification when a member leaves
Force Brasero to display the project selection page
have no food safety net.
They say that Shiva is fond of nada ,
that look like other insects.
Place your right index finger on %s
You know, these last two cartoons,
we should be doing this with homes.
So we are bridging the digital divide.
you know, no speech, no social interaction,
The Quran repeatedly induces you to deliberate.
According to the constitution of India Republic is the ruler.
Now, this robot is currently our star robot.
Ignore quickly-repeated keypresses of the same key.
German and Italian Embassies extended him assistance.
that when you boost people's oxytocin,
The consumption of fruits has risen slightly during 1990-1997.
“You know what, we're getting out of that business.
And there's a third one over here.
Due to this 3rd stage of formalation of Rajasthan occured
This challenge is part of the fabric
Some may charge to provide a quote .
Low on a marker supply
Then he heard what she was saying :
You know, you've come home from a long day
very interested in me whatsoever.
that enable you to comfortably talk to somebody else,
Sorry, but “%s” is not a usable image file.
offer scope for effective action .
Failed to load part '%s'
all the way back in January.
It's an ongoing process your whole life.
to take the vine alone
“Yes! We love Splashy Pants.”
how much are my neighbors paying for their apartments?
Click on the word corresponding to the printed image.
Show the task preview pane
Current song is not seekable
Google Chrome does not support %{OSNAME}.
and still rally around a consensus.
Income Support <s> For people on a low income
Device manager which the device belongs to
Also see these - City of India
to positively impact other people?
Ram Kabir monotheistic Islam, are not an authoritarian God
No handler found for image type.
Could not delete network “{0}”
And perhaps one archeologist becomes an instant celebrity
That made me a different human being
Posterize level (number of colors is cube of this value)
But then what I realized when I went to college
and then prescribes a line of treatment,
Further , he was scoffed by Vashishtha 's children .
Max Spike Width (higher is more sensitive):
go ask her, what does she need?
Uttar Pradesh is located in the northern regions of India.
some stop-motion footage that I made recently
The magisterial inquiry commenced on 4 March .
that I encountered a startling fact
I can tell you it's a magnificent spread.
Your selected database name is:
The constitutional head of the Central Government is the President.
Raipur, relating to Chtisgdh Jankahariaya, newsletters and directory
What India was doing, though, was benchmarking
Template '%s' does already exist.
of being on the correct side of anything
Cows are poor milk-yielders .
downstairs and in Aspen, and everybody else looking,
Server challenge too long (>2048 octets)
Generate from host NUMA configuration
to experience what it means to be a child laborer.
IMAP server response did not contain %s information
No transcoder available for target format '%s'
one story about one man, at least,
“ I beg your pardon ? ”
that we could be good at this game.
I decided I would destroy my own argument
Jai Shanker Prasad [Poetry Index]
But they get glasses in the frames of their choice,
who first recognized the role of the magician
Here it is , this is it !
This location is not a valid one.
And Singapore proposes by 2060
and how warm it is,
The boy went to look for the Englishman .
I went to my first community board meeting -
Paste events from the clipboard
Can we put yours online?“ And I said, ”Sure.”
Offline for more than a week
Whether the rectangle should have a border
In this conference Subhashbabu's presidential speech was very effective|
You never fail until you stop trying.
So the more you step back, embrace complexity,
and a lot of community engagement.
Created from a mail by %s
I built the head. They built the body.
Background color as a (possibly unallocated) GdkColor
My name is Abdul Khan. I come from Peshawar.
Maximum value for array(mult-flexible) question type
to read people's thoughts and emotions.
But there are arguments against this.
The actor attached to the meta
Governors of states of India
They have all come up without any sanction .
Telephone : 020 7737 6641
Thus by exchanging positions once, he scores one run.
everyone in the favela gave me the green light.
about the Koran's idea of paradise
This was the vast courtyard made for the general public.
The folder appears to be irrecoverably corrupted.
But the difficulty of the problem
Buildings are becoming bundles of services.
Variance of the gaussian noise
Barbie & the Diamond Castle
That ' s why I ' m here .
It came from about 300 years ago,
Into the war of independance and works.
Now, what have kids done?
Or contact the Victim Supportline: 0845 30 30 900
Please select among the following options
This newspaper is published in the following 31 centres.
In this region the water availability is low.
in one of the largest countries on the continent, Nigeria.
and she said, “Oh, fantastic.
Error parsing filter '%s': %s: %s
Select a disc image to write
He was a political suspect and was under watch .
that we compare India with China.
Ali's army won this war.
We call this the qualifying week.
Incorrect permissions in your %s folder.
“ What do you mean ?
I cannot now go back to the royal court .
Sorry, adding the cdrom was not successful.
World average surface temperature is different from 1961-1990.
that I have lost for so many years.”
Output version information and exit.
They can express their opinion
Move the photos to the Shotwell trash
which is it's not about the leaves above,
between the London Metropolitan Police
Search for extensions and themes online.
We only ranked high when it comes to poverty,
and take it with him,
now look for all the world
And the girl goes, “Wha'?”
from about 2.5 percent to about five percent per annum.
some of the things I've learned
%d package will be removed
Requested action not taken: mailbox unavailable
it is an online news channel
read the word for them .
trying to understand what your child is saying to you
Determines how the shadowed box around the viewport is drawn
Copy a screenshot of an area to clipboard
The need for degrees has left so many people frozen.
, maximum amplitude = %.1f dB
MMR Information Pack for Health Professionals
Your letter was received on 29th ultimo.
precisely because we depend on aid.
did you catch it - is that leadership
Could not execute '%s': mail not sent.
Just to give an idea, the world has to stabilize
Centre for Development of Advanced Computing
Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones
Kumbakarna also suggested Ravana to surrender Rama, in vain.
Across America , the reaction was swift .
2008 Summer Olympics medal table
Show process 'Name' column on startup
You ask those who did that .
Some things are not right,
they need really to have the army clobber the opposition.
Unable to retrieve message from editor
Member of the Legislative Assembly
Birla Institute of Technology and Science
You have not filled in all of the required information.
1 Rukhveda2 youdarveda2 samveada4 atharvaveda
from schools to local businesses,
3 . Use your eyes and ears
with the exception of anger -
Could not create directory '%s': %s
Drag and Drop each proposed item on its destination
<schema id='%s'> is list of not-yet-existing schema '%s'
Magnifier cursor pushes contents around
that they end up all saying the same thing,
I am going to cite the possibility of being whole,
Choose a location to place the temporary directory
The screensaver is not currently active.
Wherever possible you should :
Children under five cannot cope with traffic.
Choose folders to post the message to.
There are no videos to write to disc
So when he gives me his final paper,
Now also this place is in hariyana of India
Automatic detection of refresh rate
Opinion , however , remains divided .
Now we don't think that way.
Contact SCODA for more details about these services .
It's a little quirky and silly.
Choosing Residential and Nursing Home Care
Make the selected icon stretchable
that I really wish more people would understand
Name of file system backend to use
Young People and the Development Rate
They'd say, “This is very boring.”
so we organized a five-kilometer United We Run campaign.
Successfully exported the following %ld file(s).
We actually have a very interesting payload on there.
Failed to change video mode
Error: Method name ‘%s' is invalid
If you cannot get SMP
I waited a long time .
All question attributes meet consistency standards
But look at it this way.
The children looked at it and said, “What?”
And then I think the other point
The model for the icon view
The revolution did bear fruit immediately .
From here the Deltie part of Ganga begins.
no matter what pain hits you,
the foundation of Shia and Sunni sects.
All the movies were highly succcessfulat the boxoffice.
Alaknanda's main tributaries are Dhauli,Vishnu ganga and the Mandakini.
principles, and those principles seem to be
Preparing wireless network connection '%s'...
Select the interface type you would like to configure.
at the expense of putting forward bold and creative ideas.
Create an audio CD from playlist
The tribal folk use these fabrics mostly .
But they're very good at taking in lots of information
Raipur, Informations about Chattisgarh, News paperand directory
And the talks got off to a rather rocky start
Number of seconds before connection timeout.
After that he was writing by the name of Premchand.
Now, the thing about the autistic mind
He would say things like -
And this man, he's every man -
Click to hide your appointments and tasks
Simultaneously, it needs to be calm.
because anybody Googling Islam and cartoon or Islam and comic,
Currently Neinmaliakith news - places available for the facility:
Mighty INdia (gogle book; Ved Pratap Vaidik)
the marathon found ways to bring people together.
This is only the domestic dimension .
CNN's debates of presidential candidates
Quoted string doesn't end with a quotation mark
Daddy used to call me a glutton .
the business models that allow us
because it was four years later that we all applauded
who's embarrassed to go back and learn stuff
Sri Digambar Jain Lal Mandir
Hockey is the national game
check if this link works.
What other help and advice is available .
Anasakti Yoga - Mahatama Gandhi
And you watch the news, you pay attention,
It's in their nature, it's in their DNA,
And scientists have begun to understand
If to show the package installer for unknown mime types
81% of the population of Nepal is Hindu.
And I put in front of them an authentic experience
Sacrificing cravings , all desires.
List of World Heritage Sites in Africa
not just financial math, but math in general.
Now, what's missing from the larger debate is a comprehensive
They are harmful to chlorofluorocarbons ,ozone layer .
Minimum allowed width of the column
Whether the cursor should blink
National portal of india (In hindi)
you find a rigid sequence, a sequence of all A's,
But the amazing thing was -
Honest and Detailed matter on Ved - Hindu Religion
We deal right now in the educational landscape
Goods on order from a shop
- you unreasonably make yourself unemployed .
If you don't apply, the changes made will be disregarded.
Existing content on the devices will be erased
Shudhodhan, king of Shakya, was the father of Siddhartha.
They just have to raise their hands.
After traveling through 800 KM, Ganga reaches Allahabad
for about 50 cents a day.
<app>gbrainy</app> provides the following types of games:
around the front of the car.
and say to her, “You know, Ms. Walker,
Display notification when a member comes online
TIFF compression doesn't refer to a valid codec.
Never get to grade people as they should.
I'm pretty sure that one day
Could not load the location
as governors, president - as in many countries -
muslim has the right to practice kuraan.
Failed to find expected PKCS#8 start tag.
how tiny it has gotten.
Failed to create AuthDir %s: %s
Grammar of Sanskrit language is extremely refined and scientific.
and it's supporting work for 300 weavers.
” I think so .
And now we take this material, combine this
Cannot set kernel arguments without specifying a kernel path
Show visual effects when an audio file is played
Preview the message to be printed
awareness, an absolute locus of compassion and love
” That is very funny !
to subject children to pain
for the very first time in her life.
Rather than sit with Ugandan -
if you've got talent and energy and skill,
“ What ' s the matter ? ”
So if you need to have some image
The name of the launcher is not set.
Humbali stream - its followers are in Saudi Arabia.
We get it in the abstract.
is the ultimate sacrifice of potential.
I remembered the fox .
They walked together through the narrow streets of Tangier .
And when you ask people about connection,
So how big do you think that is?
This is where he met Balbhacharya and became his disciple
Which of the following words is the odd one?
and high pity is applying and the preventive measures.
Mumbai Traffic Police has authority as an autonomous institution.
Department of Trade and Industry
Income Support because of sickness
Show human readable output on stdout
Restrict input to integer values
by saying that in the last 35 years,
Joined labeled audio (points or regions)
And for the first time,
ICO: Image too wide for an icon.
Element <%s> is not allowed inside current element
Where is the title of the book ?
A specimen is useless without information .
This one might bite you just for fun … ”
Erase information on this disc?
like from “ah” to “ee”.
And it's just a simple fluid and it, over time,
These islands have great strategic importance .
Please enter a valid update-key:
♫ In the streets our heads are lifted ♫
a couple of classic moves, dead giveaways, really,
Choose a device for sound input:
really there are four kinds of ideas
but this time, they challenged
When praised by his admirers , he said : '
Sorry, your password could not be verified. Please try again.
because it protects the spinal cord.
“ What did we know about ? ”
Kepler's laws of planetary motion
Ignored because it was overridden by %{POLICYNAME}.
Profit of them - 1 No fees for court
The very next day, continuing a totally true story,
When I found the captain,
did the damage yourself ;
Please sign in to $1%{TOKENNAME}.
2001 : First flight on January 4 .
that our knowledge, our power,
And among other things , weddings mean buying gold .
but it is a deception we enjoy.
List of districts of Delhi
that we call the Character Engine.
but you can see how the traditional society
His words went straight to the heart.
This is memorial of architectures of incipient Mughal Kings.
But before I show you what's inside,
Recommended number of players: {number}
“Sorry, but it's worse than you think.
Goes to next visited link.
Show list of known applications
North Manchester Community Support Team
The color of the rectangle
About the organisation you are complaining against
Text direction, e.g. right-to-left or left-to-right
nor is it too random.
Use new scoring in HistoryQuickProvider
but the reason for this is still not known
Whether the label is drawn in the selected font
And so thinking about the models that we've just discussed,
Bothered by Noise (96 EP 181)
Possible (temporary) workarounds for lockups or other hardware failures:
Help make Google Chrome better by reporting the current settings
See our website : www.workpermits.gov.uk for further details .
The Ubuntu team is ready to help you!
This tribe became popular as Shia.
And what you see here,
in some very tough talks
There is a temple of sri Ramakrishna.
So try this out with your friends and acquaintances,
before this session gandhiji selected subhash babu for congress presidency
Agara was one of the desired place for Mughal Empire.
The question, though, is not “Why can't we?”
it is the single greatest
all cultural barriers, all political barriers,
Despite the fact that each
As an opener he has scored 12891 runs.
Sita sent him back with her jewel called Choodamani.
I have not made one percent of change
Elefanta festival is celebrated on the Elephanta Island every Feburary.
It happens all the time all over India .
Do not allow any site to run JavaScript
Sharadbabu's wife's name was Vibhavathi|
Show the positive power of cartoons.
for you to place your own statement.
that allowed them to learn for themselves.
Terrorism Research Center - International terrorism and Protection Research Center
Insert number sequence at beginning
This is an upanishad based on Bheeshmaparv of Mahabharath.
Imagine an engine going clack, clack, clack,
Font variant as a PangoVariant, e.g. PANGO_VARIANT_SMALL_CAPS
What is a fissure sealant?
We, as a society, we have PhDs
Default folder to use for the '-add' and '-extract' commands
Index for Sanskrit Essays- A collection of essays about Sanskrit.
Graduate Aptitude Test in Engineering
Coordinate expression had a close parenthesis with no open parenthesis
Ask them to go to places,
See pages 89-90 for addresses. <s> Taking further action
METHOD_RETURN message: REPLY_SERIAL header field is missing
40 billion in reduced debt - as the victory,
%s Are you sure you want to use this address?
I got social interaction through shared interest.
Whether to show maps in preview pane
We don't really like to only consume.
Add an effort period to the selected task(s)
They were Five brothers: Yudhishthar, Bhim, Arjun, Nakul, Sehdev.
You learn swimming by swimming. You learn cycling by cycling.
Somehow, what we need to do
No authoritative name server for '%s'
the lid has been closed on battery power
Here we can get more green energy all over.
Whether we're Christians, Muslims or Jews,
These are general settings for video/audio/subtitle encoding modules.
Get the short doc string for a key
hits the emergency brake, opens the door,
that are so thoroughly eliminating aging
The other housing booklets referred to in this booklet are:
that let him transform that branch of medicine.
We should be doing something about it.
Even the usually laidback parliamentary backbenchers are getting restive .
Set if the value can be animated
Email me if someone replies to my comment
You'll notice that it looks pretty much
not to mention spiritually connected,
After seeing this Aap(Sall.) face became full of happiness.
You are also permitted to see my private items.
Center can redesign the union.
Only show folders in the tree side pane
Feeling and model in our head,
catalog file for domain '%s' not found.
Diwan Bahadur T . Rangachariar -LRB- 4 February 1924 -RRB-
Five years ago, I experienced a bit
This word “”water change“”tells increasing temperature is one more effect.
At that time the police lathi-charged him and wounded him.
And so, you have these grand rituals
It fell slightly to 9.42 in 1911 .
for robots that actually have empathy.
&Don't apply effects in batch mode
We have various strategies - there's the Methuselah Mouse Prize,
That's like every man, woman and child on the planet
Physical improvements help inform public policy regarding traffic safety,
The name of the Web Database database
just by spinning this around.
Show Haguichi in the notification area
the wildlife, the elephants, and so on.
Overwrite free disk space to hide deleted files
in a very simple way?
Estimated Start Pitch: %s%d (%.3f Hz)
that's grown up taking their voices pretty much for granted.
is they are always comparing India with China.
Display notification when a member comes online
the dish doesn't feel like their home.
Here's a SOLE in action.
I was quite proud of that one.
But on an average the area is arid.
So here's his first follower with a crucial role.
The miracle of your mind
And there was this game in March 1939
when, on a peanut farm in Georgia,
that the regime was trying to put on us
1st time limit warning message display time
What is unique about this demographic dividend
Double value '%s' for %s out of range
Key binding (%s) is invalid
Occurrences when the version of %{SHORT_PRODUCT_NAME} changed
Comedian- Comedian showing their comedy to U tube viewer
{TOKENCOUNT} tokens have been created
He thrust his hands into his pockets .
Didn't understand XML node <%s> inside an XML list node
is not whether this makes us safer,
fish / submarine | bird
a fairly silly arithmetic game,
or that sense of wanting to go and help it.
And in some cases, oxytocin can even decrease cooperation.
because I have to actually be there for them
Reset launcher & home screen…
Can't move sharepoint into a shared directory
This government recognized by the nine country only.
Present as text input boxes instead of dropdown lists
List of birds of India
Use unrecommended JFS root file system?
After that he met Vitthal bhai Patel in Euope.
from flea markets and thrift stores.
even if he had two,
The proxy cannot be modified by the user.
IT IS ALSO SAID AS ROJA
♫ We are 13.7 billion light years ♫
Also post this review to:
What crime had he committed ?
So as an example, here's a word.
that when I say “different ways of being,”
probably I was also an exploiter,
And it is my contention that the manner in which
The partition starts from ${FROMCHS} and ends at ${TOCHS}.
this spouse has two son: daughter sweata and son abhishek
participate in a democratic process,
Track submission failed too many times
We were victims of the Spaniards.
Kids, when we grow up, have dreams.
Don ' t do that !
Obsolete entries in dpkg status
Show disk view 'Total' column on startup
So we could deliberately erase some symbols,
Because food is one issue
Some things you may want to think about:
I choose to turn this light switch on -
Hindu is a Pharisee word.
Well, one of the girls had taught herself
ram continued& met stikshan,agasthya& other muni on the way
When setting a list you must specify a primitive list-type
And he's a wonderful musician, so it's cool.
but what this really is conveying is that,
taking care of useless babies,
there was enough food on Earth
Vertical space between cells. Must be an even number
to the users as they use it.
Somalia had disintegrated into anarchy.
and she's jingling, jangling a pair of keys.
Bhishma lying on bed of arrows
Specify a password for this archive
in that four-year time period, we invented the concepts
A Management System for Hazard Analysis
where he has moved 40,000 slum dwellers
when the vice president of Chechnya
Must specify keys to unapply schema from
about 20 kilometers away from any place you'd consider urban.
You can save projects in the following ways:
Unexpected response from IMAP server: %s
The history location doesn't exist.
We know how to fix hunger.
missing and the news of death
and then I say, “Here's a unicycle.”
the thing about the autism, Aspergery kind of mind,
because you're going to be on trial for war crimes.”
This is there for every child,
over the period of an hour.
KIPP means Knowledge Is Power.
SpamAssassin either crashed or failed to process a mail message
Attached computer is low in power (%.0f%%)
Could not generate signing data:
A3 sheet, 297 x 420 mm
And we can just navigate in this very simple way.
Well, what's it like to be this kind of creature?
And that will have to await the arrival,
Rajasthan Patrika [Non - Unicoded]
No tangle of dials and switches .
Abnormal program termination spawning command line ‘%s': %s
Dependencies of the Latest Version
Enable the Instant extended API using only local resources.
And we can see from the graph
Take a screenshot of a window
However , this will make quick visas easier .
People were trying to do them.
Archive is not of a subdirectory
The trial was concluded on 6th January , 1932 .
{0} left the network {1}
a new approach to sculpture,
If window has been destroyed
there are so [many] houses inside.
in a genuine way with other people,
International Alphabet of Sanskrit Transliteration
which is within our experience, everybody's experience.
Windows that should be scaled in scale mode
made of dyed raffia, that his brother had made.
and they're kind of the color of the Sun,
Kartik Purnima till late night, more than luminous darkness visible
is, things are getting too abstract.
Load installer components from an installer ISO
Ravindra Music is very much popular
Comments: <s> Email me if someone replies to my comment
By increasing the political attractiveness of the state,
And the dancing lessons ?
City's Consumption of electricity is more than of production.
And maybe the hardest thing of all
And so that's sort of working in the opposite direction.
“ I know other girls in other places . ”
were just a little bit embarrassed by this.
into a million little things
So our theory is that eventually
this is too easy as well as difficult
Are you sure you want a bootable logical partition?
Once somebody has taught for three years
To tweak the settings, you need to authenticate.
the seemingly impossible is possible.
which showed this income accrued
Now, this level of intuition becomes very important.
They're doing Khan Academy, they're doing that software,
thirdly,during rainy season the solar panels cannot produce more electricity
We cannot make a country socialist by passing laws .
it finds out more reviews about that,
Our mother, Mexico, is being violated before our very eyes.
Rekhachitra:Atit ke chalcitra(1941) and Smriti ki rekhayen(1943),
The trial lasted more than two months .
that has not gotten any nectar from the mimic.
1 day in the future
The server returned an invalid client certificate. Error %{ERROR_NUMBER} (%{ERROR_NAME}).
The highest record temperature and lowest is on 22 January,1962.
Breast awareness is a part of general body awareness .
You don't understand the Americans.
and every week I get paid by that person,
maybe they just make you a lot of money.
Cannot read data from file
Object being moved doesn't exist
What d ' you think ? ”
Disable non full screen mouse lock.
Keep icons lined up on a grid
Display notification when a member comes online
The pathname '%s' is not an absolute path
Distance before a drag is started.
Beneath this lies the tomb of Mumtaz.
Authentication is required to access this file or stream.
Like our economic and political worlds,
to explore our ideas about a different future.
and feel really unconnected to
which is to ask the question:
Whether to show timezone field in the event/meeting editor
Unable to migrate old settings from evolution/config.xmldb
Profile for %s already exists - skipping.
Show cards as vcard or csv file
After this, Subhashbabu came to Kolkata and met Dasbabu.
I'm fortunate enough to work in the rehab facility,
add fragrance to our lives.
The word Kirat itself stands or a hill tribe .
He celebrates these local and mundane objects globally,
but imagine, and how would you change?
this was congress 51th session
There is a ton of information on that fire hydrant.
Now, it's generally understood that
They had no body .
Save the selected calendar to disk
In the subscription dialog, show relative folder names
A provincial pageantry instead of national purposefulness ?
in the eyes of others.
” I learned to absorb and keep quiet .
We'll actually part the water
Which brings me to my last story.
See, we're a secret club with a secret handshake.
and it told me to go via Guernsey.
List of High Courts of India
Solar energy depends upon The weather and climate change
When does Bhaiji think our Hindu ' self started ?
who wanted to make a wall with their community,
Man, the Americans, they're just like, “Ah, crusade.
Gandhiji requested British government to excuse Bhagat singh.
We see it in supermarkets, on book covers.
Moti mosque is made at the west of Hamam.
He called them partons. He called them partons.
Vishnusahastranam - Glory of Vishnu's 1000 names in Shantiparva.
That opened my eyes all at once .
told him the story of Homer's “Iliad.”
Cambodia, Singapore. The differences are much bigger
so we could determine when things started to change.
check Minimum Income Guarantee as Income Support see page 12.
I want to say that it is important to recognize
when it comes to revolutions.
show a people as one thing,
Environment is very, very crucial.
This slums are becoming tourism attraction
The Applet's containing Panel's size in pixels
Unfortunately, race and class are extremely reliable indicators
Stage 3 : Drawing up a flow diagram .
A great war started between these two.
Dr. Hari Singh Gour University
Q . It seems Musharraf is soft towards you .
Failed to probe protocol for URI %s. Assuming '%s'
then they'll live 30 years longer.”
And the magic and the horror of that
Get extensions from the OpenIntents homepage.
We should not worry about the critics . ”
was chosen. Hmm, just kidding. Okay.
Intercourse is the main need of a person.
The children also learn from listening to one another .
Display extended information for the selection
What can it tell us about a specimen ?
They're all on their way back underground now.
United States House of Representatives
Housing Benefit and Council Tax Benefit see page 13 .
List of airports by IATA code: V
National Institute of Technology, Jamshedpur
Path to the projectM preset directory
AM: And previously, you need a multimillion investment
Do we know what causes TM problems ?
When will the LEA make the final statement ?
But you need very, very large volumes of water
In this the relationship between body and soul is described
being uploaded to YouTube every single minute.
Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi
22 <s> How to make a complaint <s> 3
Was it my past deed chasing me ?
Switch between open windows using buttons
Search your and your friends' Facebook photos
GIF image is corrupt (incorrect LZW compression)
who believe that the Indus script represents an Indo-European language.
Show usernames and photos on the sign-in screen
to see the shame of our country.
that's where people are, where the cities are,
Maximum frequency must be 100 Hz or above
This inverse relationship suggests another important conclusion .
here Muslims are divided into two kinds
In 1982, injury during y=the movie Coolie.
Unencrypted private keys are insecure
Tenants and local councils can set up agreements to cover:
and she needed to go there to get the information,
this speech has become an announcement for the revolutionary movement
Astronomers and cosmologists and physicists think
So many more people would have been affected.
The cost factor is another impediment .
but you'll finish your novel.
This soul is a Parbramh.
The supply and distribution of coal were regulated .
Fakir Ajiyoddin was Akbar's consultant
People start to clean there houses and shops.
In 1931, my grandmother -
to believe that life is like a dream
H11 NHS hospital travel costs
Camels generally work with the nose-rope in single file .
And I'd like to review
Available extensions for “OI File Manager”:
statistics - that's a subject that you could,
Just how important are infrastructures
Mutthida Majlis - A - Amal
Display notification when the connection is lost
trained, skilled as a welder.
are very essential tools in empathy.
I would find myself saying things like,
Well , what is the condition of India today ?
Load chapter files when movie is loaded
you're talking about women dressed in cloth bags,
The width of the pixmap bound to this texture
The lump gradually increases in size .
that broadcast diverse African stories all over the world?
They're just part of being alive; we all do it.
Please install the following python modules:
which is the food of plants,
And I think that's a fundamentally interesting question.
It takes a human being
Types of Government headed by a Prime Minister.
at night for the children.
“As our case is new,
If YES to both, claim Council Tax Benefit.
Arya Samaj in South Africa
Force the panel to not be automatically restarted
Others divide ' this income into four portions .
Repairs which are not completed 8
- show info for <location>
People who know what they're talking about don't need PowerPoint.
While scientists regularly publish their latest research,
Sync text/plain and text/* handlers
but not having already completed the survey
Adobe Flash Player storage settings...
Don't use the last ball
or else you remain out.
, Tone Low = %.0f%%
we citizens have against violence.
Pepsi, two-thirds of their revenue growth came
President's address of the Parliament
Unable to move deleted messages
If you are available for work
It is also called first poetry,
On your %{ACCOUNTEMAIL} account, it can:
List of explicitly enabled GTK+ modules
Now, baldness, it's a terrible thing.
Debate on the subject of Munshi.
It was completed in 1908.
Error setting schema for ‘%s': %s
Residual powers are vested in Parliament
They never found the secret .
And you're aware of how many people are around you
Y coordinate of the actor
Here 's how it works .
Same with this - it's a movie review,
and who are willing to take action.
Silence and self-control is non-violence.
you'll see them smile; they know what it is.
Akbar introduced copper, silver and gold coins during his rule.
and it was a complicated theory.
So that's what we're going to do.
Mumbai Maharashtra is states' capital
GL17 Help with your council tax
In one matter the British were very much scared.
Memory output stream not resizable
Connection established lost a packet
Women's Nationwide Cancer Control Campaign
Vishab G.H West cot listed kabir's epics
Scholars' thoughts on the subject of India
And would you have thought, would the Russians have thought,
to sell his New York apartment
was basically inviting people to join the page,
Flag of São Tomé and Príncipe
but just panhandle at the ocean.
States name are selected (in kostak capital's name)
The council will look at the cost of your improvements.
If you are available for work
The contribution of Hindus, to the world culture(in english)
“Look, we're going to have to tear it down.
their teaching quality does not change thereafter.
most people wanted to tear it down.
Report OS and firmware version
How much fluoride is in Scotland 's water supply ?
Here , then , is a great mystery .
one day in a week.
Access to this network is protected.
Whether we should smooth the stats data
But last night when you played that piece,
It gives them signals about how you regard drugs .
Checks disc integrity after it is burnt
2008 AIBA Women's World Boxing Championship
They are mainly reared for meat .
For how long is a work permit valid? 3 17
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind
We polish the rough edges of our lives
Thousands of people came and embraced his religion .
And their love [for studying]
Why social exclusion is a priority
“ There we are , then .
Preload engines during ibus starts up
is something in the way of an experiment.
What are the ethical considerations ?
Gyaneshawari- Gyaneshwar Maharaj has translated Gita in Marathi from Sanskrit.
Not enough space on volume
Can you hear the world ?
Password could not be changed
Now the mechanism, as I said, for doing this,
Move window to east (right) side of screen
&Open audio in new tab
and you look at Michael Najjar's photographs,
but sustained, above all, by pluralist democracy.
Inside, it's a smelly, gaping hole in the ground,
The URI of the resource
Protect your computer from unauthorized use
They used everything that they knew -
Change channel assignment (fixes wrong wiring)
Scattered Islands in the Indian Ocean
Enable touch based text editing
In Indus River, blind dolphin is also found.
Gnome Calendar's calendar import done
List of regions of India
And I got this question often enough that I thought
- you are not available for work
In Almoda jail again his health deteriorated.
a blind person driving using the AirPix.
We connect events and emotions
And this is something which is based on a principle
Display items as text beside icons
Type the name of the notebook you'd like to create.
The city's consumption of electricity has been exceeding production capacity.
that Africa has fundamental weaknesses.
The contact's avatar token. Empty means contact has no avatar.
that's the way I grew up
The conversation was interrupted by the warehouse boss .
that we use every day.
We'll be waiting for you right here.”
In 2005, our prime minister was assassinated,
Key file does not start with a group
” Only when he , himself , reveals it .
There was an error getting information about the destination.
Let's get him working on building different things.
” They have guns , and they hunt .
section 1 bothered by noise
are actually suffering from hidden brain seizures.
User with name %{USER_DISPLAY_NAME} already exists.
But nine of the 10 in those first hours.
The desktop description file to execute as the system monitor
Command not supported by database
Patients must always come first.
and I was wasting my talent to do that.”
That stage is still today
1989 Movie directed by Peter Brook
The identity of this website has not been verified.
Compose messages using an external editor
How to claim see page 18.
Not a smile - that really doesn't tell
<b>Choose Source Device or File</b>
Clear contents of Go menu and Back/Forward lists
Cricketers all over the world said,
7. The report made by the Governor should continue
We took them away from their newspaper for three days.
Contact SCODA for more details
Many American scholars took discipleship under them.
that looks like it was designed in the 16th century,
Friday: A universal truth - five words for you:
What areas should the agreement include in ?
Google Chrome cannot read and write to its data directory:\n\n%{USER_DATA_DIRECTORY}
I expect to live 100 years.
with Dr. Sono, who runs a large
Somebody who doesn't care about your achievements.
1 video failed to import due to a camera error:
to hear the sounds of letters
The contribution each individual or organisation makes is important .
General Liberation and Development Party
is actually when I first returned to Iran
from Ladakh up to Bhutan -
Today, we're reaching not even 10 percent of them.
And that brings us to the mythology of business.
to be able to buy that machine.
Indian Institute of Technology Ropar
SOPA stands for the Stop Online Piracy Act.
This breed has a long head and bulging forehead .
Because if enough people do it,
c) Reducing the need to travel
our Emirati member and our Libyan member.
then imagine the kind of sociological analysis
Gauri Karnik , 24 , is no exception .
you have this continuity of data
Clients cannot set backend properties
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
But Vitthal Bai Patel died.
Latticed partitions that enclose the tombs.
Select regular or italic style.
Display notification when the connection is lost
I take off from Wisconsin
Could not evict member “{0}”
Failed to remove lock file ‘%s': %s
The step increment of the adjustment
because it reduces and in some cases even reverses
Tell him the truth ?
Open the link in a web browser
people who've co-signed on PIPA,
It turns out, from earliest childhood,
Each trip was an excursion,
Bharath his brother Ram's chappals coming togather through Ayodya
Import HandyShopper store names only as item tags.
to people with a better education.
Couldn't load %s on %s
the ones who will bring this world forward.
FLAC encoder failed to initialize Status: %d
SERVICES FOR PEOPLE WITH HIV / AIDS
Why do they choose to do this work ?
Periodontal Exam- including gingiva , periodontal pockets
Allow $1%{HANDLER_TITLE} ($2%{HANDLER_HOSTNAME}) to open all $3%{PROTOCOL} links?
to go out and continue this very important thing
including the U.S., and maybe
You don't have the permission to activate tokens.
That's a very new situation.
Find your way out of the 3D maze
always have to be in the same place
if you - first, you can't travel this fast,
Kousalya is an ideal mother
You have even the middle class sometimes getting trafficked.
The file “%s” cannot be deleted. Details: %s
is to create ownership in the community to the problem,
that we're not just consumers,
were really just due to a coincidence of time.
This is an architectural monument of the initial Mughal rulers.
Invalid return value from open
The availability of drugs .
You have to specify a sample name to remove
It is also a historic trial in this sense .
which the Americans among us
%i MiB of %i MiB
She would have a wash and wait for him .
Vedic literature: Maharshi Vedic University - in pdf format, Devanagari
List of political parties in India
What if we had an African television network
Freedom of expression in India
Essentially, we're dramatically speeding up that feedback
Other trends concerning Islam are also negative:
Medical College and Hospital, Kolkata
Phone no: 0114 259 6665
One hundred thousand posters have been printed this year.
about doing anything about aging.
Could not go offline in the network “{0}”
In tourism, in many African countries, a great opportunity.
Sometimes a knowledge of history
you simulate the molecular structure of methane, CH4.
Please enter a PIN consisting of six or more digits.
to a person who cannot see
… I only … ”
the VPN service stopped unexpectedly
It is not remote controlled.
Move window to workspace 8
Nature's unparalleled Gift - Solar Power
Whether the dialog supports selection
we can learn about how stars and planets interact
and sat next to another guy named Joshua David,
A local official literally prostrated himself in the street,
And once again, they proved themselves.
are telling us the stories of countries,
Now, here is a horse that was deathly afraid
The different species behave in different ways .
%(useful_favorable)s of %(useful_total)s people found this review helpful.
Private I.S.P.s in India (in English)
Capitalization style set to none.
Of course they must be more energy efficient.
It does not even possess the virtue of success .
and if you like, love, not romantic love,
Yeh Hai Mumbai Meri Jaan
Walmiki Ramyana - Translator : Ralph T. Griffith (1870-1874)
You must be authenticated to insert an album.
which sells eight million mobile phones a month,
And there were lots of passengers on the ship,
which sends out images of patients to the base hospital
Sir, you want to empty your pockets. Please, sir?
and collective action when I wrote “Smart Mobs,”
not a singular conception of ability.
They supply protein , minerals and carotene .
Consumer education is a top priority .
He could just deliver them.
The selected photo was successfully published.
one deep thinking made india to have a good relations
Subtitle of the label to show on a snapshotted plug-in
Unable to copy POP3 keep-on-server data ‘%s': %s
is learn math the way you'd learn anything,
So where are all these coming from then?
Add / Modify Servers To Start
The defence counsel and pleaders then addressed the court .
Al-Kharismi is called the father of Algebra
is with a kind of division of labor.
And here we are about to board our bus.
Where to get further copies of this leaflet:
You need to get halfway down
Working on average 16 hours a week or more ?
_Update the network list every %S _second
Rubber mats may perish easily so change them regularly .
he was found missing during his tour.
You 'll find them in your telephone directory .
to discover the number zero.
This exerts constant pressure .
Taj MAhal is supported by high security walls
Task Manager - Google Chrome
The connection to <strong jscontent=“hostName”></strong>%{HOSTNAME} was interrupted.
There is no matching survey.
Small groups about 20 minutes guided reading or writing
An interface must be specified.
Archive does not include a GdmGreeterTheme.info file
Enable the automatic network setup resulting from the STUN test
But the merchant understood what the boy had said .
What do older children do in the literacy hour?
Could not download the release notes
They can be used online or offline by downloading them
But here it is unwritten by law.
low sugar breakfast cereals , e.g .
The merchant looked anxiously at the boy .
being at the right place and the right time.
Display which the device belongs to
You know what has happened .
Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol
%s: %s: error launching application: %s
So I just packaged them. I'm like 12, right.
So it's got cute little game dynamics on it.
In his group famous revolutionaries were Azad,Sugdev,Rajguru etc.
Accessibility support for GNOME has just been enabled.
so that we can reduce water use?
Countries of the United Kingdom
I have had to grow old .
By National Geographic - Ideological Presentation
Do not ask me again.
Bad authentication response from server.
Pango font description for subtitle rendering.
When Ravana Sita Ssantwn Trijta given by
Failed to start Bluetooth device discovery.
New Front for Democracy and Development
Integrated Child Development Services (India)
that affect our risk decisions.
But she hadn ' t charged him anything .
in General Barno's word in 2004,
” I chose painting to forget the pain .
He was chosen for the soldier in 2003.
back references as conditions are not supported for partial matching
Weapon for mass destruction KK Ontologias and terrorism.
Indira Gandhi Wildlife Sanctuary and National Park
Flag selected messages for follow-up
to a situation where, almost overnight,
Unable to move metadata keys
Shade factor “%s” in shaded color is negative
Jim Surowiecki briefly mentioned Yochai Benkler's paper about open source,
that were attached to bundles of goods,
<small>Overcommitting vCPUs can hurt performance</small>
if you peel away the demographic dividend in India,
Beep when key is accepted
so we too have to be compassionate.
They fetched him away today . ”
Letter association between the screen and the keyboard
Speaking in the Constituent Assembly , Dr .
They provoked violence. People died in the violence.
We must, we must lower our egos,
Men occupy a very small space upon the Earth .
A Carers guide to a carers assessment
It is the G8 Summit.
See %{BEGIN_LINK}more benefits%{END_LINK} of signing in to Chromium.
List of accelerators in particle physics
people will notice us, so you can't make noise.
it comes in in relatively sparse chunks,
in which I thought I was Jesus Christ.
And they got fabulously wealthy in doing so.
Could not delete network “{0}”
Individual image display time of 0 - 60000 ms.
who are inching along our narrow, grownup, adult path.
A Valmiki Ramayana webpage with English meaning,
only in rural India, for rural women, because in India,
Recognize emoticons in text and replace them with images.
Go to the home folder
and feels kind of cut off from them,
Is Jack Goody a terrorist?
in which he argues that the categorical imperative
But within two days , he changed his mind .
That was in May 1927 .
Forced X position of the actor
Now, he tries the E again. That chord doesn't work.
about who can develop a car
Specify the output file instead of standard output
Play games that challenge your reasoning and thinking
What about home care of my teeth with braces ?
Initiates Cube transparency only if rotation is mouse driven.
vozME - vozME's online hindi text to speech.
that could be tied to the same things
Unseen financial murder villages and gandians
that I felt could not be transformed.
Could not evict member “{0}”
Deprecated property, use shadowtype instead
and I came back, and I was like, “You see?”
It stands up, it walks - very impressive.
And today, architects and biologists
while the poor die without ambulances and medicine.
this whole adage that when you're making decisions,
And as I grow in life,
that point of maybe 30 years life extension.
You may be able to get legal aid .
We do something to something
The main routes are across the Arabian Sea .
We can reform our electoral systems.
Thank you for choosing Ubuntu!
to get the same health as Chile has today?
Width of process 'Name' column
and all those other things
He even taught me the Pythagorean theorem.
Mumbai's culture is a mixture of traditional festivals,food,music,dance and theatre.
Spaek men News views Poartle
Sound (ratio of the Bach)-Dhvani TTS
Note that existing content will not be moved.
What could she give him ?
Put yourself in their shoes .
Heavy , unpleasant silence .
Did anybody think while I was playing,
glass / break | paper
“ Have you gone crazy ?
“ Even flowers that have thorns ? ”
Exporting selected audio at %d Kbps
So we have come a long way from those days
” Accepted authority rests first of all on reason .
Dhneta population per sq km Is 126
from use - starting to use contemporary materials.
Pay attention on it's studies.
Could not evict member “{0}”
Climatic Prototypes/ modelling / paradigm
Failed to load user configuration: %s
only one of '%s' and '%s' can be set
On this subject majority of people accept that initially teacher.
Three attempts may be allowed in exceptional circumstances.
I had never been outside Nigeria.
clearer than the pin number to my bank card,
G11 NHS sight tests and vouchers for glasses
No compatible barcode scanner is available.
from corporate Ghana, corporate West Africa,
“ Well I never !
its wording straightly touches the heart
And when you get a very small one -
immediately Yudhishthir was crowned the King.
what we come to know as manhood.
the interior of Taj Mahal is traditionally decorated.
Email address of the survey administrator
There are a million pictures
A personal message from the Chief Medical Officer
Chief Election Commissioner of India
The absolute filename of the Web Storage database
and really try to understand what the real issues were.
For added security, $1%{PRODUCTNAME} will encrypt your data.
Requested seek before the beginning of the stream
of looking at people as something of a burden
There are 1,600 people, I believe.
%s but it is a virtual package
We then came to Northern Jordan,
Consider this. Make a decision to live a carbon-neutral life.
These shapes indicate regional developments and also chronological evolution .
” Kings do not OWN , they REIGN OVER .
Sets consistent sound levels between tracks
Akbar Emperor also effects the country Art and Culture.
Unable to migrate tasks ‘%s'
Log in as another user without logging out
Again, please pick a percentage.
Scroll Month View by a week, not by a month
is that as all media gets digitized
Failed to give up lock on XML directory “%s”: %s
at narrowing down to just one thing.
Every grill of board is formed with delicate mosaic work.
given away most everything that I owned,
This is your only connection to the internet.
These things actually become cheaper to build
Because the worst thing we have done in Afghanistan
Restrict which users are allowed to sign in to %{PRODUCTNAME}
Binding to skip to next track.
and put an ad in the paper like that.
{0} left the network {1}
If you were tone deaf, you couldn't change the gears
from one organism to another.
And it's known for prostitution, violence, drugs:
को सीखने के लिए खुला रख पाएँ
you are sick or disabled
“ You ' re just a bit crazy . ”
The theory of power in the Indian Constitution.
all you English teachers out there.
Quit India Movement was an important milestone of this struggle.
Ninety others were making a nominal profit .
Amar Singh window, Agra Fort.
Advanced options for the CSV format
Start and stop must be greater than 0.
Select an XML file containing Audacity keyboard shortcuts...
How did he live ?
Database error. Out of space?
may be the glue that holds societies together.
The device must have capacity of 4GB or greater.
He raised himself on his elbows ;
where every state had its own market for products.
I think that integrating information to everyday objects
That is that people talk about corruption, corruption.
Exit shell on start action performed
The Best Value in Housing Framework (published in January 2000).
[And making a better world.]
Invalid UTF-8 in short description for schema
Internal Apple File Control error
Correcting fluids -LRB- like Tipp-Ex -RRB- .
we're not sure what to say,
'97, '98, '99, 2000, 2001 - it gets worse. We're
♫ And so, who cares it's winter here? ♫
And if I can get you
- before we start I need to do two things.
that there was this funny connection.
How have we convinced ourselves
These raised up platforms just like this stage.
Solar Lantern is a light weight,carry-able photo voltaic device.
Who is to do it .
Your calendars will not be available until Evolution is restarted.
It depends on you .
Bas Itna Sa Khwaab Hai
and I'll get to why it didn't work,
Apply the changes to users before closing?
in Boston or Palo Alto,
Google Talk Home Name 3
Hindi-Urdu transliteration (Punjabi University, Patiala).
5- He is responsible for country's foreign affairs
Dharti Ka Veer Yodha Prithviraj Chauhan
Now it's good to be a grownup.
Agriculture in the valley of Himalaya.
Self realization - boys and girls dot com online paper
Battery charge time is currently unknown
when people shall transform their swords into plowshares
The story of writing texts.
That is, the market does not drive the scientists,
birds and us, we see red, green and blue
We call it the Blind Driver Challenge, very exciting.
But I think our generation also might be the first
Huh. Hang on a moment.
Failed to find ASUrl and OABUrl in autodiscover response
Instrument to convert Roman's unicode in Sanskrit
3. Filling in the form
and then we rediscovered our confidence.
“Wooo. I wouldn't want to be your therapist.”
Ramayana tales collection - In other countries Ramayana related discussion
The first day, it was a huge umbrella cap,
“ Good morning . ”
cuff of trousers, outlet pipe
Tel: 0222-825111. <s> What to do in emergency.
70 years ago, it took one man
how the brain learns and so on.
Copying device to disk image
Enter password for keyring '%s' to unlock
and show that the knowledge and skills that they have
Jack goody is one terrorist
and, of course, trade in products and services.
That is matter that doesn't interact with light
The women discovered a new side to themselves .
Failed to open '%s' for writing: %s
but I think you can handle it.
Now the domain name system
99 percent of the kids who get this.
The little prince flushed once more .
Ask your doctor or nurse. <s> Breast awareness
The next day will be for brother and sisters.
PIN code for SIM card '%s' on '%s'
The string ‘%s' is not a valid D-Bus GUID
Android (from OI Shopping List)
by negligent regulatory agencies, pernicious zoning and lax governmental accountability.
Israel Trade Fairs & Convention Center
to get these first-generation therapies.
Paste the text stored on the clipboard
organising repairs and maintenance ;
said that, “We have not sent you, oh Muhammad,
Sound file '%s' is in unsupported format.
2008 Summer Olympics medal table
You can help them by doing the following:
We go from fear to rage.
His dad's Bhraman religion made him a Bhraman too.
The ones that flew and landed OK
The blue line is an indication
of an ordinary Arab Muslim
The unique name of the binding pool
National Union of Knitwear , Footwear and Apparel Trades
Idli, Dosa, Sambar, Rasam, Uttapam, Aviyal, Vattakuram
And she has this one passage here.
My own parents had anything but low expectations
Some citizens of Barcelona are painters
our assumption is that there too
One thing is distant relationships among human languages.
Would you like to see my frock ?
Work for which we do not issue TWES permits
Tagore wrote close to 2,230 songs.
was, firstly, the role of Tudman and Milosevic
This question requires answers, but none are set.
rapid improvement and all sorts of things.
- five and a quarter-inch floppy disk
Display notification when a member goes offline
Around 1500 B.C., Indo-Aryans cast arrived in Kathmandu Valley
Akbar's flair towards religion started increasing with his age.
Get help with using Chrome OS
I'm going to talk briefly about two of them:
The king of Varanasi was a powerful monarch .
one laugh at a time.
I have done whatever I wanted to .
who singularly used his life to do something positive.
but we know the Alliance Francaise
the solution to the cost could be in productivity,
remember your sense of proportion.
What if we saw the ones who had entrepreneurial traits
So this is one that they found,
to pump water and irrigate - irrigation for crops.
Foremost Man of the Series in Oneday International Matches
We are looking down in the archive,
Significant types of reactions are:
Krishna and Arjun in Kurukshetra
But Panini's work on Sanskrit grammar is most famous.
Climate change is already a heavy topic,
This ares lies in Haryana today.
For free leaflets ring 0800-555777 .
of what we're seeing in the world in general,
by a long and bloody civil war.
across the Middle East, across the path.
Really delete this software RAID device?
And there are more than 200 formats,
here govt take its own decisions
is the ready-made store-bought bindi
You're seeing here images of
6.2 Only parliament has the right on this list.
The old must know that youth was their past .
all types of fresh fruit <s> raw vegetables
What are County Information Centres ?
And therefore they could fight in a male-dominated world,
which has in it a series of beta-carbolines,
he was never going to be able
Could not remove address book.
and secondly, “life on an incline,”
And at the slightest sound, they hide back again.
A mobile with a touchscreen feature.thumb.
I think the market can help us figure that out,
called the Two-degree Field of View Galaxy Redshift Survey.
Fax no : 0114 259 6668
the U.S. and the Mexican?
Whether the widget is double buffered
solely reserved for those who can see.
You may need your eye tested .
and then they're all a bit sticky.
The file could not be modified.
is to flatten my experience,
read the word for them .
Get an Ekiga Call Out account
enabled by cooperative arrangements and technologies,
“ Good morning , ” said the fox .
{0} came online in the network {1}
to really make a change in our heart.
I won't forgive me if I give up trying.
One more difficulty comes in front.
And even that 95 percent student,
Apply the given geometry to the main window
free markets, the rule of law, infrastructure.
Error when getting information for file descriptor: %s
And according to how you answer that question,
The album has already been inserted.
Children under five cannot cope with traffic .
Enable background loader component for hosted applications.
decide later (also close or cancel this dialog)
And he controls them from the top down -
covered with a wooden shack.
“to which exogenous components have been added
Property '%s' is not readable
This is called sentence(doubt, opposition)
than we are about insects, as indeed we are,
Terrorism Research - International terrorism and Defense Research
that could survive ultraviolet rays,
List of newspapers in India
the time of yamayana was in shrotayug
Show layout names instead of group names
Okay, try this. Bring it back.
You won't be able to withstand them.
Delete the selected task list
“Just go in your room.
It was a terribly complicated theory
Their dress patterns , follow the local climate .
at the world famous Daytona International Speedway
Stock ID for secondary icon
either dead or getting booked.
Party of Independence and Labour
For people bringing up a child or children
Also, that woman who was operating the machine, the technician,
Authorized network built by National Information Centre
From the jungles fires comes smoke obtain carbon monoxide.
low fat plain or no-added sugar yoghurt
to make them as lifelike as possible.
But Lenin was kind and understanding .
what I call my “pre-mid-life crisis,”
No, it's a hormone called oxytocin.
Highest rate ever (1966 Leonids)
what they liked or what she liked?
Basava decided to go there .
Vertical position for the tag pane
Query free / busy information for the attendees
It's in its early stages,
bookmarks could not be saved
Resignation as Chairman of Congress
that sustainable development can produce.
Cricket has given me my name .
The source of the binding
and power is therefore limited,
Malformed PEM file: unknown Proc-Type tag '%s'.
love story of lord krishna.
The company has subsequently moved the Supreme Court .
Islamic relegions main branches are here
New question group was saved.
Encoding to use on the console:
the creative energies of its people.
Display the title bar in the greeter.
Speech will not be used.
But that doesn't happen most of the time, right?
National Association for the Advancement of Colored People
It's not considered vintage -
Please select at least one file for deletion
we landed on the Azores Islands for refueling.
is that even though the damage only eventually causes pathology,
YR: This phrase is now etched into my mind
Always chase your dreams instead of running from your fears.
View/Cc menu item is checked
Its interface is also available in Hindi
This process is known as Guillotine .
you will see that the bow orients itself
Your connection to $1%{DOMAIN} is encrypted with weak encryption.
because it means doing something
Compare that to the airbag debate -
It was an eloquent appeal to reason .
Enable firewall traversal from remote access host
After 1930 , the freedom movement gained strength here .
The story of Rama after the war.
He gathered round him a band of young patriots .
and together we'll turn the world inside out.
Burns, blanks and formats CDs and DVDs
an art design college conference going on,
Scope covered by header cells
We can't really be both of those.
Because of shershah himayu spending time away from people.
Could not allocate %lu bytes to read file “%s”
Application %s has an unknown maintenance status.
Align labels with the horizon
We are the reporters of our people,
neither did Sydney for that matter.
Which service should be used for viewing?
Premchand wrote on the realistic issues of the day.
The printer has been calibrated successfully.
Hirsuties papillaris genitalis or some diffrent one
has told us not to spare the rod,
School Attendance : Information for Parents
and always being scared and not seeing a future.
Open All Bookmarks in &Incognito Window
till three weeks before an event,
Could not connect to proxy server %s:
Why would we think this?
Many film characters were inspired from his life.
and energy which really characterizes modern urban Bombay.
Founding Fathers of the United States
My wife replied, “None of your business.”
Show a list of players in the network game
Saleti: Universally benefitted, Devanagari, online - Efficient (WYSWYG)
Save directory for reminder audio
The one who has created man from coagulated blood.
And then the final reason, which I mention,
NOAA of FAQ of global warming.
And the first section ends at 20th St. right now.
A lot of our surplus wealth goes to museums, etc.
The Story of the Three Bears
A heart that is alive cannot escape frustration .
“ Phew , what a heat !
Find it in the menu:
in greater and greater detail.
Global climate change were to track known Pew Center
The boy saw a man appear behind the counter .
<%s> geometry “%s” has not been defined
Some unknown/unseen facts about Bhagat Singh (Sunday)
What the Nigerian writer Chinua Achebe calls
that these seals contain Dravidian names
Failed to save document “%s”
It's a true actual goal. It's a very ambitious goal,
You can see the water coming.
Everyone was enjoying the journey very much.
and because of the law,
“ The world is indeed a happy place . ”
How can we get there ?
Tells the running screensaver process to lock the screen immediately
If you are capable of working
And it's happening during our lifetimes.
and we had to start the tournament in three weeks.
Baraha 7.0 and baraha I.M.I:Indian languages free editor
And it finally happened, so ...
were so exciting that in the intervening two years
India at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Category : History of India
This thing does something else which is unusual.
Winter Fuel Payments see page 11.
This was just installed last month.
and bring you back to life.”
how it acts in the human body.
Do you really want to delete all marked responses?
Photo voltage system is a modular type.
You do not need to use technical language .
Theme can not be deleted
Meaning of the word 'An' - say or inform
India was ranked fourth in terms of economic growth
The interval the ambient light sensors should be polled
Chromium App Launcher is a standalone platform for Chromium apps.
NOAA of Global Warming FAQ
This is a very busy table,
Is it worth the truth ?
Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II
How she loved laughing !
Binding to copy a screenshot of a window to clipboard.
section 3 bothered by noise
Chaudhary Charan Singh Haryana Agricultural University
Allah will make it misleading
Eat soft foods and drink extra liquids .
Devanagari: Hassle free Hindi Typewriter
For tough meat, sharp teeth.
Why is it not taught? It's crazy.
Left to right/Top to bottom
Rotate image on vertical panels
are that the beta-carbolines found within that liana
Width of the vertical border of tab labels
The maximum threshold before a long press is cancelled
is to reconstitute our sense of ability
harmine, harmaline, mildly hallucinogenic -
China is the most populated state in the world.
the results can be somewhat comical.
The torch went out .
and a very lovely brass toe.
These are like searchlights .
Spell check dictionary download failed.
The OECD countries - the high-income countries -
Could not read preferences from {0}
Why should we wait until they arrived in the hospital
[... when our view is cluttered with obstacles.]
Create a new window displaying this folder
which is that they're moving these positions -
Clear the current search parameters
Try another name or remove an existing chapter.
a fearless woman who hosts a TV show in Lagos,
An opposition army to to defeat a local government
An error occurred while testing archive.
many birds and butterflies pollinate.
What ' s the news in school ?
You act compassionately as though you have compassion,
but they always seem to be so reactive.
The Englishman shook the boy :
Is it that I articulate very well?
and interpret it for us.
Many muslim countries in Africa were independent by 850 A.D.
dog / tame | wolf
when he first emigrated from India
path to smartcard PKCS #11 driver
Dhokla, Handwa, Khandavi, Undhiyu, Dal Dhokli, Bataka Powa
it's universally, in many quarters, celebrated
The distinction between a healthy person
When you're doing mountain rescue,
cricket is liked here by a lot of people
Trust this certificate for identifying websites.
It's a holy war against Muslims.
Dealing with the problem on different compiler
because these systems were both too expensive,
Jaipur is the capital of the state.
and the captain has lost everything,
Tourism industry is 5.6% of the total GDP.
Flag of the United Arab Emirates
had a fifth grade education.
it freaked them out every time.
Just Dance (Indian TV series)
but you're sitting here from every corner of the world.
List of Governors of Chhattisgarh
Even depreciation could not be adequately provided for .
This is called Sex Position
Motor vehicle,Aeroplane like dynamic source
Invalid User Name or Password
WARNING: no key specified for schema
Search Folder based on Subject
In Mumbai the Board of Cricket Council of India(BCCI)is established
Set your network proxy preferences
Yet the George family 's loose change is substantial .
and achieve the same results.
is we make everything that's uncertain certain.
2003 Mutua Madrileña Masters Madrid
Fall seven times, stand up eight!
” This deed of sale has ruined our people .
Print the album of current track
Warning - Length in Writing Sequence
There's something much deeper than that,
So the four-wheel drive vehicles at the headquarters
to found a career that takes me -
Vertical alignment of the actor within the cell
of allowing kids to fail
And , they do .
Formost 30000 runs record in International Matches
And he wasn ' t born yesterday , either .
A sample plugin in Python with no features
“What do you want to do in a village?
Everybody needs to be involved.
Tux and the apple tree
It takes investing in those entrepreneurs that are committed
isn't really getting to the nub of the issue.
From childhood itself Tagore had special love for nature.
Google Google Wallet Virtual OneTime Card
Service sector contributes 53% &agricultural sector contributes20%
Maybe first time inside Parliament .
One day she inadvertently stepped on an armband
Nor did she remain unlettered for long .
if we knew a little bit more about cooperation?
All public offices are open to a citizen .
There are many potential problems associated with these drugs .
Encryption certificate for '%s' does not exist
So let me just run some viruses on my computer.
The finest dock no money can buy.
that are substantially infringing on copyright -
mumbai police comes under the ministry of home
Ministry of Environment and Forests (India)
Politics plays strange tricks .
The Buddha accepted the gift .
Use of solar heaters help save electricity in peak hours.
2004 Mutua Madrileña Masters Madrid
that I'm Carlos Salinas de Gortari's son
that was lighter than netting.
don't forget the air conditioning and the cable wires.
Canonical provides critical updates for %s.
raising funds for their causes
In the north-west, the Sikhs gains power.
rather than only a few,
“ Mice , I expect . ”
Keep Calm and Carry On
And let me say just one more thing
But in fact, the majority were scared.
To collapse, press shift plus left.
All of our feelings of security
ICICI Bank calls it the e-Purse .
without any real advanced analysis, to 2050,
But this is just the point.
a guy named Erik Michaels-Ober,
The Chronicles of Narnia (film series)
Will I need long- term care ?
amendment power of parliament should comes from within.
Now let's go back to the oil and mining companies,
Tum Bin - Love Will Find a Way
Packages that will be installed or upgraded
%s: Got Manage from banned host %s
If will need to know: <s> Your name and address;
Shabdmala: Hindi-> English Dictionaary Hindi to English dictionary
you played timeless test matches,
What is he to do ?
He also wrote the book aaen Ea Akabari
Error getting item count under category '%s': %s
Help with health costs see page 13.
In general language it do more than one work.
Maximum number of intermediate CAs: $1%{NUM_INTERMEDIATE_CA}
a million pounds-worth of University money
Whether the widget should show all applications
and it's a very, very difficult situation.
Invest financial assistance, but also management assistance.
Encrypt the new Ubuntu installation for security
The reputation in desert of this small water body is
that we're producing in such massive numbers.
Open another Nautilus window for the displayed location
in order to live 10 years longer.
The radio button whose group this widget belongs to.
Show task preview alongside the task list
We pretend that what we do
to be more connected to our physical world.
Failed to create directory “%s”.
Category: awarded by Shahitya Academy
The answer is, we respond to the feeling of security
Label for the file system in this partition:
Sant Kabir's couplets and poems
PEM certificate had no start tag '%s'.
Couldn't acquire a mutex lock
Width of process 'Owner' column
WEP key for wireless device ${iface}:
and I pulled him out, gave him CPR,
All along, if you wanted a young cricketer,
“ I only invoked what you already knew . ”
This tomb was only made for Mumtaz.
and the interviewer's first question to me was,
Afterwards they are placed within the house .
Discard the current modified project
Could not rename folder %s to %s: %s
A graphical frontend for Hamachi.
There are no printers configured yet.
Many changes have taken place since then .
He made many friendships .
The owner of the file.
Disable a launcher on secondary display.
Authentication failed. Please sign in to Chromoting again.
So magic is a very introverted field.
with very little color, lots of heat,
Attached schema ‘%s' to key ‘%s'
Color of highlight for all matches
Key echo set to None.
He spent millions of dollars
Error (file may not have been written): %s
Click to change your nickname
rather than smiling being merely a result
It is not used in Hindi.
World War on Terrorism / Samrik adhyayan sansthan
by all means, success, yes.
The northern area of Pakistan is hilly.
I'd find people who are volunteering,
at best they may have created
touch it in stones polished by rain,
User certificate must be hardware-backed.
to feel calm than ever before.
and if I was at the FAA,
which showers down over them,
How to align the lines
Warning: the 'locale' directory ($INSTDIR\locale) will be completely erased!
2nd June, 2007, Faizabad court orders that
And the bubbles keep moving up there,
“I walked over to this location,
Failed to list objects: %s
The media contains digital photos.
when you consider those magnets weigh over 20 tons,
And the leading point of view on this, whether measured
is that it's not the same thing as politics.
Failed to open display “%s”
Yawns , to me , are objects of curiosity .
STOP ! LOOK ! LISTEN !
Two or more members loose membership.
Did not understand value “%s” for type of gradient
List of strings describing output devices
Because right now, our economy by and large
Someone tugged at his sleeve .
International development of modern Hindi
The genies were the spirits of good and evil .
The key is of the wrong type
Which ones of these could be self-portraits?
but this one probably smells pretty much like it.
India's 50 Most Illustrious Women (ISBN 81-88086-19-3) by Indra Gupta
Sometimes, of course, being compassionate
Royal National Institute for Deaf People (RNID)
Unable to access the file.
Because of her marriage,she has to discontinue her studies
and then spread them across the whole world,
and children from well-to-do families,
And he said essentially, “I have considered the issue.
is we should have stuck to the U.N. resolution.
An error occured. Some items may not have been deleted.
so we coerced a wire manufacturer to help us,
And you will see how everything changes …
It'll take a few years to prove it, experimentally,
If set, wrap lines if the text becomes too wide
a 1.5 gigahertz Pentium M chip,
Therefore strive to be good . ”
The answer again is political .
BMC fulfills potable water requirement of the city.
And you can notice they have created
in Swedish college systems - so maybe they know everything
The Lok Sabha Court in Rajasthan
Could not send message: %s
if I was interested in going down to Haiti,
No sign to this effect.
If children go unprotected, the diseases will come back.
If you delete a note it is permanently lost.
The publicly-funded data is down here.
Configuring ethernet network connection '%s'...
so that it can recommend what movie
and having it be specific and genuine.
There is a new twist in the strategy though .
You let it cool to room temperature,
Couldn't allocate memory for stream
Automatically unlock this certificate whenever I'm logged in
and thought, I need to figure out what this is.
through the web of despair and helplessness
Umayyad tradition started with this.
The minimum font size used to display text.
The levanter increased in intensity .
(2)Yajurveda-This contains mantras useful for performing fasts and penances.
Well, consider by analogy, the concept of physical health.
-LRB- see page no.39 for useful organisations -RRB- .
Could not load InfiniBand user interface.
it's historic relics are said to be below it only.
Move the selected files out of the trash
Peace of mind is important for good health .
Enter passphrase for secure key for %s
No URL defined in config file.
“ Maybe we had better end this ! ”
to make lace with them.
Ramcharitmaanas critrique- Hanumanprasad Poddar,Publisher and Printer: Geetapress, Gorakhpur
Subhashbabu wept very loudly when Gopinath was hangged.
But he came back to his idea .
at the YPO global conference,
Preparing ethernet network connection '%s'...
I mean here's a guy who wants to burn Korans.
They go back and solar-electrify their own village.
You can't retrace the footsteps of Abraham. It's too insecure.
” Wait for the end of the war .
The milking shed should always be kept clean .
But where the DMCA was surgical -
Try to run a dist-upgrade
Additional extensions are required to perform this operation.
Try again with a different password.
It deserves liberation from political apathy .
Whether to scroll background image
His name was Panchanan Kushari .
(%s) requires a match type string
is an idea worth spreading.
I was born in 1976.
It will need to know :
AG: Okay,there's his fifth hypothesis.
X coordinate of the center of rotation
Then he went on with his reflections :
But fortunately for the world,
salimgadh fort was constructed by Islam shah Suri in 1546
in some very difficult circumstances.
Rather than getting your camera out of your pocket,
Sshityalherie Rrastiqut post is compiled for the sur
Manage the clip view in the Overview
This is the default synchronization service
Ages 10 to 15: Help them to think for themselves
but to truly build systems that have created
This is the philodendron selloum.
Valid signature, but cannot verify sender
Indian Institute of Management Bangalore
then we stop screaming and start listening,
Because about five of my friends were like,
Right, the famous Chinese character for picnic area.
and that's where you've got to get them turned on
And the sound of weeping .
Chinese encyclopaedia- Complete information about China in Hindi
to understand a lot of the risks we face.
'Well, wow, I mean, how did you do that?
List of airports by IATA code: C
calendar view for one or more weeks
then per capita income is doubling every nine years.
And I sold sunglasses, when I was in school,
women are the pillars of their community,
is only slightly larger than the width of the robot.
Dipavali (Diwai) is the festival of Cleanliness and Lights(Lamps).
Change the visibility of the browser
Width of process 'shared memory' column
because of this, the Umayyad sect was started.
flies get attracted by the heat -
Meets the Debian Free Software Guidelines
This river lends itself to India's name.
that has a wonderful store
that provided electricity to everyone -
How many birds am I hearing?
Her pain, melancholy, compassion is artificial and unreal.
Around 300B.C the Maurya's took Pakistan under their control
Please press one of the following keys:
that we're really mad about,
No such domain or realm found
These kids aren't using textbooks,
Now, when you think of glass, you might
seven years after these women all worked together
although they were not seen as ordinary,
Always stand on principle...even if you stand alone.
Generating Google Wallet Virtual OneTime Card
DUSTS FLOWN FROM BARREN LANDS AND OR OPENLANDS
The rabbi came in and saw what was going on.
especially when it's 120 degrees out
at the University of Michigan -
and are you volunteering to be the pope?
That should not happen again . ”
Now, this is pattern thinking. That praying mantis
He types “Opossum” into this official knowledge base.
Background color of the greeter.
In the universe there are about 12000 poems
I think that's there in all cultures, right?
Bijjala and Siddhadandanatha were pleased with bis work .
But eventually , they were compelled to retreat .
and make it available in every corner of the world.
Kalyandas died in the war and his women committed jauhar.
The required dependency '%s' is not installed.
The unit to use when showing temperatures.
Error color for symbolic icons
Whether to insert spaces instead of tabs
is plugged in to a power source
A job for an idiot .
Error joining multicast group: %s
The PNM/PBM/PGM/PPM image format family
Hindustan e-letter (e-newspaper of India)
Tauhorat was given to Musa.
George Curzon, 1st Marquess Curzon of Kedleston
Must begin with a slash '/'
Error on deleting image %s
The movie could not be recorded.
In your all thought glory of Ramnam is echoed.
Eat plenty of vegetables, and salads. <s> Drink sensibly
In just over two years of operations,
They weigh thousands of pounds,
Yes, today China has a huge infrastructure advantage
States and Central ruled states
Notify on a low power
It also regulates the body temperature .
He will not reveal me .
This is what we teach in the night schools.
The wordily meaning of Purana- is 'old' or 'ancient'.
It was purchased the year I was born,
- Henry Ward Beecher, (1813-1887), American Clergyman
Use this landscape as default
for eight billion people living in cities
This tomb shows the completeness of his personality.
To maintain sanctity in your life
in ganga rifting also happens
No item for URI '%s' found
The buttons shown in the message dialog
and the mountains and the oceans.
Raja Man Singh was Amber's (Jaipur)Kachchvaha Rajaput king|
In Sierra Leone, humanitarian aid.
“ Yes , ” I answered , modestly .
etc., etc., everything's done from the cloud.
the Photosynth technology. And it's not necessarily so apparent
In development, the evaluation comes
Couldn't initialize PKCS#12 decoder: %d
Failed to set %s option.
taken one after the other.
Partners for Better Oral Hygiene
in the smallest and the biggest way.
how hard would it be to assemble this, right?
Special boot parameters for the install system.
Not by preaching, not by telling,
so I spent some time living
The boy approached her to ask about the alchemist .
Value at '%s' is not a schema
is economic growth in China and India.
. Solar energy creates seasons & climatic changes.
a technological definition of platform here.
Prabhavathi Devi's father name was Ganganarayana Datta|
I started looking at my own work:
I realized I needed to read the Koran properly -
India at the 1952 Summer Olympics
how to save her life while she was distracted
and it also shows how an industry fights against
bzip2 failed, perhaps the disk is full.
You cannot add a new directory to this section.
He decided to resort to it again .
Gita Rahasya- Bala Gangadhar Tilak
There was also trouble in North Africa .
and introducing freedom of information acts.
Industries Important Constituents of the Effluent 1 .
Exceptional circumstances may sometimes prevent these standards being met.
He wrote down a simple thing.
He opened fire on the escaping prisoner .
Lists can be filtered by tags or stores.
%s: %s: error opening file: %s
'%(filename)s' is being uploaded to your personal cloud.
Show Haguichi in the notification area
And what did we talk about?
“I just need some strategies.”
and we get the propulsion at the lower wing.
Flag of the Solomon Islands
### Read from configuration file: %s ###
in the Manchester Guardian, about it -
Most bees don't perceive red.
Baap Numbri Beta Dus Numbri
Its impact must be kept under review.
Concentrate on getting one letter right at a time .
X Coordinate of the top-left corner of the mosaic.
lok sabha hall of uttar pradesh
Use the '.folders' folder summary file (exmh)
Republic of INDIA is governed according to the constitution.
This whole outfit, including the jacket,
Edit survey permissions for group %s
frame geometry does not specify “%s” dimension
KBS: Girls and boys in Hyderabad, going out,
This is one of our robots
World's busiest airports by passenger traffic
so people stay at home.
Other people can't play the videos I made
%1 merges %0's face with a plunger
A unique name for the action.
Copy the image to the clipboard
Save selected contacts as a VCard
And second, why it's such a problem.
So why are people willing to adjust with that mismatch?
But one fellow in particular,
And his communication and social interaction
any of this to happen?
Seeing this Vivekanand got angry.
And in the summer of 2009,
but at the end of the day,
could give us all sorts of insights
Just in case you think
Like a cur … ”
Hourly Average Di-oxide Nitrogen (g µ/cub.m)
These are the people who think they're tone deaf.
&Hardware Playthrough: Listen while recording or monitoring new track
being created by users right now.
Zabuur was given to Daud.
Sorry, the device %{DEVICELABEL} is not supported at this time.
After Parthiyan's fall this became free from persian influence.
“Women Without Men” returns to history,
Take me with you !
Muhammad Ghazni(971-1030) also declared himself as Sultan.
_Update the network list every %S _second
the teacher, the students and our parents.
trying to get pollinators to do their bidding,
because the majority of the British public,
statues are meant for only worshiping for Hindus
The stomach , Bhurloka .
Your Flickr Pro account entitles you to unlimited uploads.
Method used to blank screen on battery
Don't just tell me that you study trabeculae,
how is it that they can get Coke
So you agree to dig it out when it snows.
A simple, well-proven surgery can restore sight to millions,
Unable to find the Trash directory: %s
and a severe and public decision
Command '%(command)s' is available in '%(place)s'
That weight in his breast !
Can't do a raw read in g_io_channel_read_to_end
Enable closing notes with escape.
And when you understand it you will discover something spectacular.
going from his initial birthplace in the city of Urfa
we, as a small group of activists,
Microsoft Indic Language input Tool (Beta)
Talk about getting by with nothing. (Laughter)
This plug-in only works on the desktop.
Display notification when a member leaves
List of companies of India
his drawings, his paintings, his inventions, his writings.
GConf warning: failure listing pairs in ‘%s': %s
Property '%s' is not writable
List of cities in Albania
the project that begins in wonder -
Allow all sites to show pop-ups
Rotate image when panel is vertical
Possible correct answers are: {0}.
And so I'll just go get them.
National Institute of Technology Karnataka
The grantor of the commendation.
In the living room .
Dhokla, Handvo, Khandvi, Undhiyu, Dal Dhokli, Bataka pauva
* Free listening of all songs
It describes raising the revenue for future years expenditure.
Now is this a new idea?
If checked new messages require your attention.
Change upper speed limit (%) to:
Show input method name on language bar
“ But I couldn ' t go away .
Set Up Automatic Updates for All Users
It more felt to be the case to me
List of airports by ICAO code: U
probably here - think that science will never answer
.Many difficulties were arising with this.
The Indian Institute of Space Science and Technology
You have certificates on file that identify these certificate authorities:
Malformed PEM file: DEK-Info was not the second tag.
Where there is a crossing nearby , use it .
To change time or date settings, you need to authenticate.
No book handy? Don't worry!
A password is required to connect to '%s'.
- Elena Boner, Alone Together
I could get access to it.
that building trust takes a lot of time,
International Ramayana Institute, North America
Cannot decrypt PEM-encoded private key
You don't have permission to write in %s
If you're a mayor, you can do something about that.
Whether the tablet's orientation is locked, or rotated automatically.
And so she told our team there, she said,
In the middle we have a motor,
Aspect ratio with which to draw insertion cursor
That ' s not me !
So we could show the firing rate of that neuron
Enable apps only search for app list.
Indian states ranked by HIV awareness
Can't set and get/unset simultaneously
THE MAIN PAGE OF DAINIK JAGARAN
In later years , cultivation was extended very rapidly .
India-my-dream by A.P.J. Abdul Kalam; (Excel Books, 2004.)ISBN 81-7446-350-X
Please insert another disc to play back.
Select the capture device type
were drafted largely by media companies
5.3% of India's total GDP of the tourism industry.
Dictionary. Com English <-> Hindi (online)
” Some do come back .
Power management Suspend and Resume test
there responsibility is changed as per the runs and overs
Gnome Calendar's tasks import done
that people assume I represent something
A kind of color put on forehead.
Not all of them have been perfect, or will be,
I don't want to make this as a corporate entity.
And all of this goes back
At the time of Vedic era there were no temples
300 dpi, grayscale, black + color cartridge
Well no, not pieces of plastic,
Failed to kill process %d
Now, entrepreneurs need patient capital
and so it's not just an offshore problem,
Nehru: Political life picture (1961)
And I just don't think that's what India's all about,
For further information please see our website.
So religions are cultures of repetition.
You see a frozen bunch of partons.
but the truth is they're not,
Stage 4 For each catering step:
There is no selected disc image.
When would it all end ?
the stainless steel kitchen vessels and tiffin containers
“ It ' s alright .
This system does not support OpenGL.
check Income Support see page 11.
it is way too late to use the data.
'Karhaa baden kaaso kahe, ko karhaa ko jaan'.
HTML language makes use of tags.
The most expensive thing is the battery inside this.
Now deceit carries on through the plant kingdom.
{0} joined the network {1}
We have to start collecting from 555.
I need size six shoes,” but I won't say,
North Dakota. Standing Rock Nation,
- Peopleware: Productive Projects and Teams
Let Google Chrome Run In The Background
And how can we share more of our hopes
Deliverance of Swami Vivekananda (Hindi Wiki-source)
And these doctors or these masters,
(See page no.39 for useful organisations).
%s: Unable to write to stdout
Now there's a reason why I study this,
They have a system of joint families .
Do you have any recommendations?”
for our vacant storefronts, so our communities
Show process 'arguments' column on startup
11.Krishna - Free Love Poetry - Poetry is the head
According to them Ali Rji was first Imam.
when the Chicago Council on Foreign Relations
that are unfair and create random results.
Now, this brings us to the sort of moves
you can essentially understand something about the neutrino
al-khwarizmi is known as the father of algebra
The Da Vinci Code (film)
Unable to get fill buffer
What happens if you do look further into my complaint?
_Update the network list every %S _second
Failed to remove stale lock file '%s'.
But when I went up on top,
Storage cannot be shared or cloned.
their troop of revolutionist included ajad, sukhdev, rajguru.
a summary of the government's consumer white paper
Man: This program is wonderful.
A large number of people have benefited .
Every child deserves a champion,
Renewables at the current levels of technological efficiency
There was no clear word for help to Subhas Babu.
Server's certificate is signed using a weak signature algorithm.
Ask to quit after the changes have been applied successfully
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
Things that don't have any wiring in them at all,
but I thought I would give people the chance.
this country is living in right now.
And yeah, it is also why we get things wrong.
Whether or not the status icon is blinking
This message is not currently available
through a completely, completely preventable problem.
Shared connection service failed to start
Only libmp3lame.so.0|libmp3lame.so.0|Primary Shared Object files (*.so)|*.so|Extended Libraries (*.so*)|*.so*|All Files (*)|*
People who feel angina pain should consult a doctor .
The server refused to fulfill the request.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
What the Audio Home Recording Act of 1992 said was,
The niches flanking the entrance contain dvarapalas .
Beatrice Gakuba of Rwanda, who opened up a flower business
He was earlier chairman of lic .
The Red boat has won
Enable Middle-Click Paste On Icon.
List of monarchs of Nepal
because replacing them too fast would degrade cognitive function.
Time 100: The Most Important People of the Century
There are no groups available.
And once you make these,
%s: %s but it is a virtual package
Project Hamster - track your time
And 150 grandmothers have been trained in Sierra Leone.
It is harmless in infancy and early adolescence.
when it comes to criticizing behavior
and that involves going through childhood again,
Could not open the chosen channel.
Twice she was involved in surgeries
The next day the little prince came back .
Enough information on Jnaanamrutam ved, Arnik, Upanishedh etc.
The time is always right to do what is right.
having their faces shoved in the mud,
It also runs on the iPhone.
a new hospital every 35 days.
“%s” is not a valid attribute type
Western European with Euro (ISO-8859-15)
There are no messages in this folder.
I now have the students doing in the classroom.”
IT is prophet who can do miracles boldly
Because it has to end.
in a south Indian village
Paradise is quite the opposite.
Therefore, it has to blame itself.
Stop playing pranks here that you play with others !
Most hindu religeous books are written in sanskrit.
Could not leave network “{0}”
Unable to initialize new iPod
, Stereo Width = %.0f%%
solving problems with making airlines safer.
This will delete ${SYSTEMS} and install ${RELEASE}.
Host name to use for HTTP requests.
This is southern from Rajmahal hills in Bhagalpur.
North American Free Trade Agreement
offer scope for effective action.
and sometimes it's been impossible to find out
Drag and Drop the items to rebuild the original paintings
Think up harder versions as your child learns more !
The evidence consisted of :
3. He must not be a resident of the State.
What are the key things to remember?
My heart and drum beat as one.
1 Sursagar - This is a famous creation by Surdas.
Your user data for accessing %s
Due to this his batting was less offensive.
Now there's a book actually, about KIPP -
Cannot create folder '%s': %s
There was a fierceful fight between laxman and meghnad
‘%s' requires driver installation: %s.
S. R. Bommai v. Union of India
One general physical psychological related activity is sex.
English govt has not approved the order.
You cannot attach the file ‘{0}' to this message.
<span weight=“bold” size=“larger”>Choose Class Members</span>
What is a home - school agreement ?
Sorry, an account by that name already exists.
Play Queue as Side Pane
about what that word “success” might mean.
that I just was filled
And the answer is that these variations are absolutely unbelievable.
This service is not available at the moment.
not as philanthropy, not as charity,
Could not delete network “{0}”
Practical Food Safety for Businesses
An error occurred on the device
that actively use social networking sites.
Do not announce when your buddies are typing.
the word for fish is “meen”
And these await our discovery.
All of this is wrong.
And what we said, my mother and me,
0100 h 060 m 060 s+.030 frames| .999000999
we're in the middle of the flower -
The guests also never arrive empty-handed .
British government has not replied anything for this.
don't just take them at their word.
The two soldiers and a civilian death received
Please wait, this can take some time.
there's seven lanes, she's on all of them, y'all.
Delete junk messages on exit
this is Africa , ” the snake answered .
Which irrigates thousands of hectares.
Use this extension by clicking on this icon.
But Malayalam actor Mammootty will take none of it .
Accessible from the outside of the login manager
Failed to connect to server after %d retries
You do not need to be getting any benefits
Why should we be angry with world
The location cannot be displayed with this viewer.
feel sympathy, rather than contempt.
because, it turns out, we're very good at collective action
It's the perfect driving mechanism.
Navaratri starts from Awayuja shukla padyam.(october)
He said, “It is you, oh heartbreaker.”
After some time police came and they were arrested.
We teach anyway, because that's what we do.
is being a great dad.
and they're not much good at doing anything else.
The Importance of Regular Visits
This problem report is damaged and cannot be processed.
Then shop around, comparing prices and after-sales service.
Certificate '%s' is a CA certificate. Edit trust settings:
by participating in a global art project,
Already 600 installations. What is my mission?
note these too / also see...
Failed to retrieve share list from server: %s
I have n't a single explorer on my planet .
and perhaps we haven't witnessed
You may be able to get help with childcare costs.
Gross Capital Formation in Agriculture
that could tackle some of these problems.
A problem occured while trying to save.
They belonged to boys who would join business
The identity of this website has been verified by %{ISSUER}.
He is usually called the President of the Republic .
“Hey Anthony, come on upstairs.”
Babur was the descendant of two great conquerors .
To them , the temple represented conservatism and institutionalism .
Instead, people from across the road,
And that's not because of anything,
Between different languages Hindi and Glossary
which have been accepted, but not implemented.
reason is clear, Akbar has marital relationship with Mansinghs family
Put yourselves in my position!
Are you sure you want to revert all changes?
Do you believe in God ?
And my father used to say at that time,
My friend never explained anything to me .
Russia's Putin and Turkey's Erdoğan: two birds of a feather?
how many species of flowering plants there are?
Gautam Buddha died at age of 80.
Read training in a limited time
He said, “I can chop your head off right away
there's really no reason for a model.
Save the current archive with a different name
that whatever brilliant ideas you have or hear,
Could not create a temporary directory in “%s”.
What percentage of the figure is colored?
That's why I am giving this machine
I have been living and teaching in the Gulf
Please ask your system administrator to install it.
because it's a high value-add product.”
Remove all files from the project
can be used to find a million little things
Well there comes the first box.
get barefoot into the boxes, in this cold,
Finish partitioning and write changes to disk
Cannot allocate slot for encryption bulk key
United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea
Updating the list of available packages...
Now, the resident artist said they got
or, quite possibly, greater than human levels of intelligence,
Duration is zero. Nothing will be recorded.
Tourism gives around 10% of Indian workers the job opportunity.
You can get this list by writing to:
spent about 13 million, with over a 40 percent EBITA.
following the lifestyle and workstyle of Mahatma Gandhi.
Path for database file to use
The length of horizontal scroll arrows
don't think, “This is somebody who is greedy.”
Nehru present the report of this committee.
Could not show this URL
City was given to Sikh companions by Mughal ministers.
you tube headquarter is San Bruno.
Windows Network File System Service
One artist's imagine is tajmahal plane picture
The average small village farmer
File is not a valid .desktop file
we're still popping those worms
Afghanistan is for so many of us in the world.
Age Addition: paid to anyone aged 80 or over.
Browsing not available (pysmbc not installed)
We can use it for drinking and agriculture.
and how big their brains are compared to their bodies
Model is based on reason.
And he vanished around the corner of the plaza .
How is this test done?
so she's free to move completely unconstrained.
Chemical smell on clothes or breath. <s> 'Drunken' behaviour.
Pace must be practised at an early age .
But there is a problem .
soldier and the safety part
I kind of understood, this is what shame is,
These people have different needs.
War Pensions Constant Attendance Allowance, or
Display notification when a member goes offline
We make a new car every year,
we would hit them very hard,
Capitalism today is in a tremendous process of decay .
The size of the volume could not be retrieved
Failed to build summary for an address book %s
The V.P . Singh government falls .
<small>Distance in kilometers from the current location.</small>
Singapore are the best ones, now.
Failed to parse arguments: %s
in which the main thing is its beauty, pollution less,
No new files have been packed
These files are on a Video CD.
The ID of the default item
than anything that's been created
Geeta as it is (With word meaning in Hindi).
that's often very local to the node you care about
AB: No, we need to be polite about differences.
The widget referenced by this accessible.
The ability to create is the most empowering thing
Hindu religion is the oldest religion of the world.
chitranghadha was killed by Gandhrva and Vichitraveerya died
Change the status of the party mode
The drug lords were kind of worried
Right? Second, it is negative.
So we're moving away from the instructional cue devices,
But it was she who ended up learning
from elementary school to graduate school.
He liked to wear pants with wide cuffs.
At first it had all seemed so simple .
this is to come down
The Hippocratic manuscripts also -
Coffee , wines and spirits .
Verifying is not supported by this cipher
People come around us and start asking,
Remove existing software RAID partitions?
Marker levels are not reported for this printer.
Merely the recital of the books of religion.
and it had this baggy trouser part
Pick a Color for '%s'
This is important, because many times students, they fear
that it never dries up.
paid the Nigerian government for the block.
Mrs.Mahadevi was studying at Alahabad Christvord college at the time.
This building was complete in 1643
Well, it seems to get the point across.
Afterwards, press the large button in the ship overview tab.
They had the experience of ruling.
and I'm earning more than the footballers, wow.”
are not the marginal minds.
Move selected codec priority downwards
and I read a book that would - “Using Energy,”
Fatal error reading PNG image file: %s
They engineered a system that was so robust
in the last couple of years now,
When will the teacher hear my child read ?
These freckles are called sunspots,
<b>You have selected multiple files or folders</b>
He himself molded and shaped things.
Forcibly re-migrate from Evolution 1.4
And I said, “That's a good job. That's interesting.
Fetching file %li of %li
disease models making for better drug formulations,
hands go up, and people ask me,
Income Support <s> For people on a low income
Fraction of transfer currently completed
to the giving I can give.
But it is not part of metabolism itself.
Address as SCODA 071 - 928 - 1211 .
to ever return from a DARPA Grand Challenge -
that when we're talking about poverty,
who are really, really hot to trot.
No write access to parent directory.
This place displays the cultural unity of India
Division of Mahabharata in 18 parts and 100 subparts.
The file integrity check was performed successfully.
And if you could see invisible matter, too.
One is, what is the time, on average, you're taking
Evolution Address Book address popup
is that he was apologizing to me
People from other religion also have adopted Islam.
problems that occur on the mountain
This page is accessing your camera and microphone.
POP Before SMTP authentication attempted with a %s service
Select managed or other existing storage
The more serious offences are tried as warrant cases .
just crashed one day and went awry,
with this bundi's maraja succeed in his game plan.
and who you are, and build a relationship with you.
it is maintained for so many generations.
“Send and Receive Mail” window width
That child might just need help .
So there is no global coordinate system.
Error %d returned from MP3 encoder
They use their reading and writing in other lessons.
a man on foot, they are two different things.
So, how can we still stay immune?
Automatically unlock this certificate when I log in.
Brasero - New Data Disc Project
Tar compressed with lzma (.tar.lzma)
This program is a component of NetworkManager (http://projects.gnome.org/NetworkManager).
Click on an emblem to remove it
Whether to notify new messages in Inbox folder only.
Internal Error, AllUpgrade broke stuff. Please report.
You can clearly communicate your science
No such interface ‘%s' on object at path %s
the had captured upto kabul under their dynasty.
Please , Paul … ”
Please select codec before saving a profile
Now, granted, for many men,
Most other societies have had, right at their center,
British researchers found that one smile
I invite you to talk about this with me further,
“a new creation in paradise”
then they laugh at you,
Restore %d item from trash
in general Ramcharitmanas is also known as tulsi Ramayana
XPM: malformed colour definition '%s' at line %d!
Niyogi Committee Report on Christian Missionary Activities
This led to a little breakdown -
Basically, there's a major demographic event going on.
I learned this firsthand with my next adventure.
I didn't know where to begin,
“You were chosen to be in my class
Quoted string doesn't begin with a quotation mark
to reconsider our current practices.
She thanked him with a shy smile .
they don't know what to do with these smart kids.
Duties of Muslims and Conditions
And not knowing where help was needed
Metacity theme active window opacity
is that this little boy will go through five hypotheses
Burn the contents of the burn:// URI
and just see what a village is like.
.The last part of Vedas are known as Upanishadas
was making Afghanistan less secure, not more secure -
Bodhnath Stupa is the largest Stupa in Nepal.
what do you think that would be?
Cannot open index file: %s
No one-time password found for user %s
They walked lound the room .
And Bhagat Singh became immortal forever.
And over the last two years,
Change password for secure storage
Because all governments across the world need money to survive.
Thus the League became a partner in the Government .
List of airports by IATA code: D
We dance in the temple and become God.”
We do not issue multiple entry work permits under TWES.
by the idiosyncrasies of individuals.
intimacy,depth of entry,force of entry
“But we forgive you, because you didn't know it.
Debug report couldn't be created.
than we'd like to acknowledge.
Remember password until you logout
There many legends about the birth of Kabir.
You can select control interfaces for VLC.
Hindu contribution to world-culture (In English)
let me print it out, that thing.”
Could not leave network “{0}”
But, having had a father with heart disease,
to be called a girl,
Overcrowding and outstanding registrations kept increasing .
Save report - Time Tracker
Applications to change employment 5 45
Cannot get message %s: %s
Error: missing argument for '%s' option.
Given that it was such a vast civilization,
Solar eclipse of July 22, 2009
Sit them in a classroom, tell them about Plato
that India is still a growth disaster?
Please enter your first initial and last name [%s]:
in cities around the world.
there was a short epidemic
Write disc image to a CD or DVD
gamban:Omkar joshis indian language words transilation(WYSWYG)
Select label set file (*.lsl,*.csv):
Could not load PPP user interface.
despite the fact that 200 million farmers
Create a new meeting from the selected message
Remaining parts and buildings ware completed in next eleven years.
WHAT'S IN IT FOR ME ? 9
and I realize that these are things that
Newton's law of universal gravitation
Access your data on %{WEBSITE_1}, %{WEBSITE_2}, and %{NUMBER_OF_OTHER_WEBSITES} other websites
even though there's no guarantee -
The update could not be completed.
“%s” will be copied if you select the Paste command
Presidents of India's official website
After this nobody has seen him ever
CA: Wow. So, most people, if you ask them
The main qualification for each of these is the :
Error occurred while spawning %s: %s.
Let's try it again. Ooh, the TED choir.
But when it comes down to me right now,
How to get help in looking after someone
Do we really want to end up with 600 languages
Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence
Some have even committed suicide .
Number of non black pixels
Nonsense, says the religious world view.
Gujarat 's cotton farmers are waiting .
A previous update was unfinished.
making micro-decisions, dozens and dozens,
Ramayan is an excellent example of brother-hood.
Key echo set to sentence.
Category:Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur
No value set for ‘%s'
And we never talked about the weather,
List of state and union territory capitals in India
Housing Benefit or Council Tax Benefit
If you close your eyes right now in this room,
time takes a different course entirely.
The emblem cannot be installed.
that you couldn't figure it out.
We all looked up to him.
They are Indian fashion 's guns for hire .
it was literally impossible not to step in the
Video and Audio of Quran (in Arabic)
Hide application windows and show the desktop
By studying those twinkling lights though,
and also quickly testing different types of ideas
Telephone : 020 7296 8000
You can get their address from your district health authority.
When you talk about objects,
The implication of that model
people fear kidnapping by strangers,
They pray for Goddess Lakshmi
to tell the story in their own words .
“I really understand, and I really appreciate
amitabh returned to work in march 2006
Rarely, it is due to prostatic disease.
Her poems were being published in different journals and magazines.
Better still do not smoke at all .
{0} came online in the network {1}
So two billion have access to washing machines.
Karmayogi kalaam (google text writer - Laxam prasad, sandalya.)
Even the history is different .
and three - three - aisles down,
Diet influences serum cholesterol levels to a large extent .
Bhisma and other teacher are not qualified as mourning.
There is no failure except in no longer trying.
{0} joined the network {1}
[%s:%u] Invalid nice level '%s'.
Error: could not connect to D-Bus.
to engage properly with a place or a person
Error while setting the frame size.
Let me tell you the story of Shriram,
Millions of people were in severe need of help.
out on the opportunity of being part
But the contradictions begin right there .
Vedas are the top and paramount Texts of Hindu religion.
firefox an individual hindi secuirty plug in
In virtually every case of corruption that we've investigated,
groups have the power to separate.
Flip to next viewport when moving pointer to screen edge
” And continue to pay heed to the omens .
What happens to creativity in our age?
So I went to the company's website looking to find
ravan then rose up kumbakaran for the war
Install these apps and extensions?
African countries have been given an opportunity by Europe
Loft and cavity wall insulation ;
Display notification when a member comes online
To alleviate symptoms due to diabetes .
Start IBus Input Method Framework
and give up being a rabbi.
{0} left the network {1} and {2} other network
Reset your Ubuntu Single Sign On password
Insurgency in Jammu and Kashmir
Now the way they propose to do this
This will replace the existing text. Continue?
I'm going to take you on two journeys,
And he gave the boy his blessing .
Among them was M.N . Roy .
I'm going to make a very public confession,
What is the result of the arithmetical operation?
Now, together the myriad cultures of the world
official collaboration of two or more components
Amount to increase child's size on either side
Sanskritam- Discussion group about Sanskrit on Google.
when it started getting tens of hits.
Display notifications for all messages
I feel that I have dignity
History of science and technology in the Indian subcontinent
Premchand started real stories in his writings.
it's hard to see the pattern of this.
They have experience of ruling.
without thinking of Mandela in jail for 27 years.
The code sequence the Delete key generates
though action is better than no action -
You can claim compensation for :
How can you keep the communication lines open ?
Doctor Kalam is very much famous among Kids and youth.
Some of them have been not so good.
absoluteness, linear patterns in design.
He seemed to have grown even smaller .
and decide to stand up and do it.
Nature discussion also meets in this way.
“Ma, are you still doing that?”
Yakub and Alfazari -LRB- p . 137 -RRB- .
It could be done anywhere.
Do you wish to restart %s with the chosen language?
how many cattle are mooing their heads off?
what you see is that they have cumulatively received
-LRB- 1977 -RRB- 4 SCC 98 -RRB- .
immediately you want to make, convert into this.
to the protection of the civilian population in Benghazi.
These are the anthers of a lily,
Unable to spawn SSH program
Now, I just wanted to leave that slide up
very hard to predict how long it's going to take
Whether the color selector should allow setting opacity
But these are completely crazy, when you actually
They just want the sharing to go away.
they walked along in the thin slush in silence .
Could not load icon '%{ICON}' for browser action.
The invalid timeout for power actions
And you can of course play games.
with $700 per capita GDP
announce when your buddies are typing.
For every 400 movies made in Hollywood,
Notify the user when distribution upgrades are available.
Move window one workspace up
And again : No death ever for me !
they were more likely to stick.
This message, this word, can come out
There was an error displaying help: %s
14. The soul is ageless-eternal.
There is leakage of albumin in the urine .
Number of stanzas in Shiva Puran is twenty four thousand
Why did nothing happen ?
in which people cannot be restrained from using it.
maximum centuries scored, 46, in one day international cricket matches.
Schools will introduce these agreements from September 1999 .
Himachal Pradesh legislative assembly election, 2012
He made careful enquiries about the fantastic possibility .
Whether to show backup files
given how closed we are,
Unable to open the calendar '%s': %s
The navel flap is closely tucked up .
.It is called king of pilgrimage Prayaga.
Click here to burn all songs as regular tracks
and can't even obtain a meal.
And it's at the scale of the night sky.
Today I'm going to talk
Q . What 's the solution ?
when, as a student of the design college
And because of those four characteristics
Session names are not allowed to start with ‘.'
Import all the photos into your library
democracy has helped or has hindered
that's sort of a shot across the bow
You see, the first time he was playing
The third one is about making it impossible to distinguish
What are the terms for limitation ?
Display notification when the connection is lost
to actually look at Justin's brain,
And I believe it is this mythological paradigm
Can not draw character U+%04x.
But the boy was quiet .
Not everyone , though .
OpenGL for Embedded Systems 2 video output
And blowflies just can't help themselves.
Generally your doctor will examine you .
But literally hundreds of civil society groups
Unable to update attendee. %s
that will be nine billion in just a few decades?
some 20, 25,000 years ago?
Where can you get help and advice ?
No one paid any attention to the two travelers .
Workplace: Teaching in Allahabad University
and our chanting will be dancing.
Surat slums would yet again need careful watching .
revealed by a burning car -
- Francois, duc de La Rochefoucauld, moralist (1613-1680)
%d fluid particles for this frame
not just my Taliban-like beard,
Now BJP and supporters play an important role in opposition.
we're writing these things that we can no longer read.
value '%d' is out of range <%d-%d>
Evolution requires a restart to load the subscribed user's mailbox
we enrolled the newspaper editors,
Remove a directory from the list of shared directories
who is 300 years old.
when it's obvious that it's not working properly.
Mohammad Ghazani (971-1030) declared himself as the King|
Well, I stood up to her.
Syntax error in parameters or arguments
Cannot create a new event
Minimum height for filling blocks
And both of these are very, very flexible,
Mental health problem may occur in any age group .
Class: Representing through Sahitya Academy.
a week after I'd given my talk
Look all around again and listen .
%s: %s: error opening location: %s
that they could go out and change the world.
which is boiling off volatile chemicals, little midges -
I understand why people would focus on English.
Division and spread of carbohydrates throughout the day .
Play and/or record using &RAM (useful for slow drives)
Showing %i - %i of %i match
She grew up on a farm in Austria, very poor,
Enable local-only Instant Extended API
Sets the default application font
He creates these opulent tableaus inspired by Hieronymus Bosch,
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly
And because of that, we're able to travel faster,
The symbols are most commonly found on seals.
And both require silence of some sort.
but bubbling in a Scantron does not stop
OpenGL GLX video output (XCB)
Enables special extensions that help developers
How do we develop these kinds of ideas?
of 20th century technology, though,
for me to tell you that banks accept dirty money,
As you interact with someone at TED,
that turns a prisoner's dilemma game into an assurance game.
It has complete power to do so .
Well what kind of explanation could we have for this?
Display the comment of each photo
So that's what T20 is doing.
Do you want to trust “%{CERTIFICATENAME}” as a Certification Authority?
The policy downloaded from the server is invalid: %{VALIDATIONERROR}.
Import browsing history from default browser on first run
List contains a badly-typed node (%s, should be %s)
the wings are not that large,
The death of Bhisma was according to his wish.
It was a political ferment, so to say -
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought.
the color, the taste, the purity of this water.
and the second was to marry a good man
The problems do n't stop there .
Background color as a GdkColor
BMA has supported charities and volunteers
Indian Institute of Space Science and Technology
Nothing really happened afterwards , either .
it ends up being more human than technology,
although how those sites are identified
It says a lot about her.
The meeting was over .
It probably also had an outer circular railing .
Khelein Hum Jee Jaan Sey
Beautiful ornamentations have been made on its arches.
Create a new all-day appointment
that sense of the dizzying scale of the universe,
Fleece provides natural protection for sheep against inclement weather .
Specify where to create the folder:
South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation
was that it was legal to sell you
sponsored by something that goes by the Orwellian label,
the very beginning of the universe.
An Additional Commissioner also looks after every ward.
for the rest of the brain,
Browse the file system with the file manager
_Update the network list every %S _second
-LRB- a -RRB- Business and commercial
This pilgrimage sets cultural unity of India.
Great people have given the revolutionary ideologies about Islamic kuran
Sender has been notified that you have read this message.
for oil companies to make payments on deals transparent,
So if you think that I'm wrong,
Fullscreen fade effect on system beep
Authentication failed while connecting to “%{DEVICENAME}”.
Backup settings under “<b>%s</b>” Would you like to continue?
Now, one publisher, Action Publishing,
So to illustrate that question,
The height of the effects video window, in pixels.
Buying a used car privately
business standard -business from Hindi -Thematic News
Invalid GType registered for protocol '%s'
He had done it several times in India .
drove it all the way to the docks
visit the public library <s> share songs and rhymes
China's tradition and culture is more than 6 centuries old.
you essentially replace the priorities of the Afghan government,
and [to] use this as a role model?
Please wait while Geary validates your account.
the stuff that we're all made of -
Wo n't this affect the UDF 's prospects ?
Category : Delhi's World heritage places
Ensure a minimum number of possible answers (0=No limit)
To believe in imagination related faith
“ There you are , you see .
and they've been replicated, but they're not the whole story.
Select a Color to Add
and stuck it to a blue piece of card.
Civilization as we know it
The SOCKSv5 proxy server uses unknown address type.
They have confronted the authority.
For how long is a work permit valid ?
Use the network menu to connect to a Wi-Fi network
she always was the first to speak … ”
Why didn ' t he protest ?
efficient, featureful word processor with collaboration
Use lower case rather than capitals .
No schema known for ‘%s'
But our multitasking reality is pretty different,
You may be able to get legal aid.
The Naga response confused the Northeastern states .
Split labeled audio (points or regions)
Failed to establish dialup connection: %s
If true, show week numbers in the calendar.
and most tragic about this
This is how many Ramayans came into existence.
IPv6 configuration is not allowed for bonding slave
Their decisions, their actions matter.
And she said, “It's neither good, nor bad.”
they gave the Heroes Award
And it was inspired by my uncle's peculiar habit
Compress display of addresses in TO/CC/BCC
Or contact the Early Years National Training Organisation .
Split the image to make an image wall
like cortisol, adrenaline and dopamine,
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
Spyro the Dragon (video game)
Automount and autorun plugged devices
Comment on this item <s> Name
Tag “%s” has invalid priority “%s”
GL17 Help with your council tax
something we can eradicate or overcome.
And third, this is not just confined to the readers
Enter new password for certificate database
The main qualification for this is :
Pause playback if currently playing
that somehow the basis of our economic
that I've engineered in the lab.
Failed to parse autodiscover response XML
On GRETIL thousands of Sanskrit text in various encoding.
He avoided her eyes and shrugged his shoulders .
Whether extra horizontal space should be assigned to the actor
inability to engage the rest of the world
I told you all about it yesterday . ”
epochs before there were stars and before there were galaxies,
The color selection embedded in the dialog.
Ministry of Home Affairs (India)
I ' ll go and wipe it off .
The swadeshi spirit surfaced rather late in the day .
It was the duty of every Indian .
boot: install vga=771 noapic nolapic
The janata has given the mandate for certain policies .
The angst is unabated .
and beyond the limitations of time as we know it.
It's just a quick video
Always copy all files (safest)
And then we flew Alan Shepherd weeks after Gagarin,
The Captain readily agreed .
13. The vision of Hindu lies in equality and relation.
I hereby charge you as follows :
which is as important as external globalization.
But what I can't quite capture for you
Whether this tag affects the font style
But he was not against any particular journalist.
as there are flowering plants.
Today, I have over a dozen pair of prosthetic legs
Help you may be able to get
were the ancestors of people living in South India today.
Melinda French Gates: It feels pretty good, right?
And that's that when you strip away all your feelings
Consider the great problem of women's bodies:
And they're going to break ground in May.
once describe it to me as bowling in the dark.
that worked at very low-vapor pressures.
In the feed these are put like media enclosure.
I have dealt already with the question of minorities .
Inquire about this from your doctor .
That is a huge transformation.
This leaflet will help you do just that .
There was a problem printing document ‘%s' (job %d): ‘%s'.
List of Governors of Rajasthan
Do you really want to overwrite the existing file?
Lahiri Sshily Tyre vision of post code is compiled
You must be authenticated to do this.
Could not load '$1%{IMAGEPATH}' for theme.
{0} left the network {1}
if you are a hospital,
So I made up my mind at that moment
To get exhaustive help, use '-H'.
An OS directory path is required.
Are you sure you want to permanently delete this item?
” Revolt is the right of a slave .
But it seems strange .
Outside this is a narrow open court .
Lakshagurh's safe remains are located in Varanavata(Present Barnawa)
Then , taking his sheep , he walked away .
Cannot allocate TGA header memory
not as some kind of internal syndrome,
All that we know that hundreds of men
This was done in like two or three days.
All data in it WILL BE DESTROYED!
“How do you spell that? What year? OK.”
Any computer designers in the room?
2. have receipts and any other documents handy;
My money is running out . ”
a lot of room for another big ego.
The data is too long
To believe that the world is transient
Display the next unread message
It mean garden which gives life.
There different opinions about Surdas being born blind.
<span weight=“bold” size=“larger”>Apply new font?</span>
Improved varieties of jowar and pearl millet
You're all CFO, astrophysicists, ultra-marathoners, it turns out.
New cookie settings will take effect after reloading the page.
from national marathons or from national events
If at first you don't succeed, try hard work.
We now have a ban on smoking in public .
Binding to launch the email client.
As a result , none of them wrote poems .
Not only do they live infinite lives,
I said, “Yeah, she is very beautiful.”
The default folder to save file transfers in.
which is not incremental anymore.
Profile %s contains invalid regexp %s.
There have been some deaths associated with Ecstasy .
She knows it is no big deal .
Give the supplier a chance to put the matter right.
Now, of all the peoples that I've ever been with,
So that's a really symbolic pasting,
But at the same time, I started a micro-finance bank,
Error while creating directory %B.
Printer '%s' may not be connected.
There was a network error communicating with %(message)s
- Charles Lindbergh (1902-1974) American Aviator
Select a CSV file format
It is better , like that .
into a school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
and the thinking behind that was to create
Home Office <s> Service and Standards
Cannot create CMS Recipient information
Privileges are required to kill process
Brasero - New Image File
You cannot copy a folder into itself.
We aim above the mark to hit the mark.
List of content management systems
List of Governors of Tamil Nadu
The other big issue is conformity.
who they were really dealing with there.
You do not have any map
NSS security system could not be initialized
and really get in the process
is the low-hanging fruit. Efficiency and conservation:
Aur Bhi Gham Hain Zamane Mein
Please enter old and new PIN.
because I know that doodling has a profound impact
Playlist %s is an automatic playlist
A tentative agrarian programme is suggested below .
So 29 years ago, I had this thermo teacher
produced the world like that?
What improvements you have made ;
Akbar is a very popular personality.
Ram was very pleased by Hanuman's job|
So they returned by airplane to Calcutta via Karachi.
Therefore , man is essentially rational .
IME for Hindi and Indian languages.
A typical example is the distillery .
It's sad, and it's not pleasant to talk about,
Download messages of accounts and folders marked for offline usage
Because for me growing up at that time,
Determines whether to use custom headers to check for junk
in time of godhuli taj
But combined, they can create something like this.
The supplicant is now available
by selling wine skins door to door.
Document ‘%s' has no top level <%s> node
Set if the value is inherited by default
The experts said, “No way.
Do not allow sites to access my microphone
And I think that's symbolic
Position of the contact preview pane when oriented horizontally.
The FTP server is busy. Try again later
Subhash was more attached to His brother sarathchandra
and search for wanted persons.
Cannot rename MAPI folder '%s' to '%s'
Cannot open MH directory path: %s: %s
we put forward a comprehensive reform program,
Bhagat Singh spend almost 2 years in jail
The secret of happy marriage remains a secret.
OK, thank you very much.
%{DATA_SOURCE} (%{ALLOWED_COUNT} allowed / %{BLOCKED_COUNT} blocked)
Invalid sink input index specification
People began to start their houses, shops etc
from teachers, mentors and friends along the way, was enough.
WF11 NHS wigs and fabric supports
A spiritual awakening sounds better than breakdown,
where the only one medicine
Bachan has taken M.A degree two times.
Although I still get quite irritable when
that had been invented in Israel.
Apart from him Moti lala Nehru had three daughters.
E sheet, 34 x 44 in
Besides all these Amithab has kept quite
I ' ll just go straight to bed . ”
1. They do not work on regular intervals.
a lot of different responsibilities,
Method for temporarily toggling between national and Latin input:
Ramdas a father of Surdas was a singer.
but it might not be what you think.
WHAT EXPERIENCE ADN QUALIFICATIONS DO I NEED ?
the nationalism of ethnicity or language or religion,
Premchand came from Urdu background and became great in Hindi.
And all forms of intervention need support,
We're seeing the baby brain.
that makes a supercluster of galaxies.
Could not retrieve calendar time zone:
constitutional part 7 has policy coordination and
rail car by rail car, boat load by boat load,
Well some animals, like the chicken,
Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers
Hide details of this Survey
An instance of nm-applet is already running.
How do I appeal against a decision ?
Currently there are 509 million cellphones
Failed to read the color sample correctly.
Remember , you are not wasting anyone's time .
New cloud folder available: '%(foldername)s'
things I could keep doing,
His name was Jeremy but everybody called him Jim .
This attachment to our own rightness
You can find it here: this book about flies
Thank you very much for having me.
Name lookup failed. Check your host name for spelling errors.
going all the way around the LHC,
Always render the following URL patterns in %{PRODUCT_FRAME_NAME}
transfer it directly to where it's required.
Read error on file ‘%s': %s
Not allowed to set group
Uttar Pradesh Vidhan Sabha elections, 2007,
the machine will make the work.
that different people of the world
you can have a pack.
solve weight and addiction issues,
The silent tension at home became unbearable .
quite often there is no outcome.
Support Services for Families of Drug Users
All that matters is Love and Work.
Plenty of oranges are also grown in this area .
and this include tamil nadu, karnataka, andra pradesh and kerala.
developed in Japan and China and Europe and America
And what if we go back beyond that single ancestor,
The position of the local video window
Suspended matter containing organic material putrefies during warm weather .
and will change our expectations
User authentication required for Wi-Fi network '%s'...
In Munshi's matter there is a controversy
All the grayed-out species disappear.
Use the given profile instead of the default profile
” Because you have already lost your savings twice .
at that time, Mumbai's population was 21,347,472.
But to be able to give them high-quality output
it's best to take the driver's seat,
And I went to see “The Sunday Sport,”
This software is for notebook computers.
I was launched as a cartoonist.
To get a free copy of Lame, click here ->
that we can find a way to live
Drag and Drop the items to redraw the whole map
and it also happens to us,
Choose your Provider's Country or Region
His Ram is not a element of difference between humans.
That ' s what I feel about it .
When would the war end ?
Switch to workspace on the right of the current workspace
well, it ends in rus like Russia.
Move between panels and the desktop immediately
But what about this day,
“You know, kids don't learn from people they don't like.”
Valmiki Ramayana - Translation: Ralph T.H. Grifith (1870-1874)
What has been my challenge?
Display this location with the icon view.
“Wash you hands, you might not get diarrhea.”
Tere Naal Love Ho Gaya
the skills, the practices, the norms and habits
But I knew that I'd need superpowers
in the last year we had war.
and you'll hear everything that Chopin had to say.
every high school graduate should know -
he went from “teacher told me,”
on the model of fast food.
That's why the Voodooists like to say
Children can sleep through the night;
and in the middle, the French army.
of people who, in the words of the wonderful poet,
We should have limited ourselves very, very strictly
Indian Institute of Technology (BHU) Varanasi
Error: The database reported the following error:
Pixels to padd to bottom
Activate this extension by clicking on this icon.
Available from the Food &amp; Drink Federation.
%s: failed to connect to parent display '%s'
Fetching summary information for %d message in '%s'
or we have to engage one of those modalities
Unable to determine private key type.
The wrong framing is a product of thinking
And what do you see? They're Christians.
You can't be successful at everything.
Birla Industrial & Technological Museum
program to convert Sanskrit input and Roman output into Devanagari.
Failed to set symmetric key for encryption.
because drugs are easy to get hold of .
until he got too old or too sick
The proxy host does not support SOCKS4
That when we reject the single story,
in the media coverage of Mexicans
only it kind of sounds like a woman.”
International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement
My way lies elsewhere . ”
Can you still find Vega ? ”
to assess the damage after natural disasters,
List of things named after Carl Friedrich Gauss
As you can see in this figure-eight flight,
This sign is the most frequently-occurring sign
there may be equivalent ways to organize a human society
This is the largest state of India.
in ranji trophy, mumbai represents the cricket team.
An interface name is required.
and had the gas stations sell them to their customers.
to this robot. Thus it's a biologically inspired robot.
7 . Can there be diabetes without symptoms ?
Simon Taylor and Patrick Alley,
In 2010, it was viewed 23 million times.
The entire country remembered his sacrifice for the nation.
India achieved independence on 15th August , 1947 .
Unable to create local mail folders at ‘%s': %s
because what we are doing in our daily life
You can find this on YouTube,
Remove all songs from the play queue
try and separate out the material things
A meritocratic society is one in which
I am guessing at the future .
Simonqui (formerly IBM Mozilla)is based on Mozilla firefox Web Browser
has pasted one single face of a woman
The photo or video cannot be deleted.
So, this, I think, is what the world needs now.
The table has turned since .
So why do we get stuck
and had never played the game before,
the burden it has to bear -
The factory was ready only in 1950 .
%s: Could not allocate memory for subdomainbase mount point
recursive call could loop indefinitely
MSN Work Screen Name 3
- Martin Luther King, Jr. (1929-196), Black civil-rights leader
They pray the God Which they call as Namaaz.
This query did not complete successfully. %s
“Oh, we're actually doing an art project
because you're too dumb to realize
One of the reasons why we might be suffering
The cow is worshipped as a holy animal .
who begin to receive an enormous amount of money
Attach and mount one or more disk image files.
Search options to be used in the search operation
URL of SSH server containing Gnote synchronization directory.
and then we can calculate
I went back and I wrote on Facebook.
Although less in number, Akbar won the war
Netaji also became the chief commander of Aazad Hinda Sena.
Choose other locales to be supported:
Create a rule to filter messages to these recipients
I saw people struggling to get by,
Unable to lock the list directory
Mobile phone used for calling fare countries.
I didn't want to go; I love my life.
The professor told me that my characters
He cannot solve the Kashmir dispute .
but also make your mind work.
One has to be very speculative,
This sentence is in traditional Chinese.
The residents were busy refurbishing underground bunkers .
Allow all incoming mDNS traffic
We will be an overwhelmingly urban species.
Unable to open help file.
Key combinations for a touchring or touchstrip custom action
they're being used to study
So we had to throw everything out the window
introduces a number of new national standards;
Do not feel pressured by this kind of offer .
But Look at what happened to the babies
awful materials from the point of view of the environment.
&Display VST effects in graphical mode
Let your caste be joyful
Try %s -help for usage.
And the idea was that individual citizens
Update common folders names to match current locale
Otherwise, it can't be done.
Out of the court sittings of Supreme Court
List of Vice Presidents of India
bringing them to the real world,
Move window one workspace down
So for example, here's the same sentence written in English
So if we can start to understand
To add a new account, first select the account type
A non empty collection must consist of 'element' nodes
and seemingly perpetually open to be reconstrued.
Too many X sessions running.
Failed to create GStreamer pipeline to play %s
Show graphs in public statistics?
Switch off to connect to a wireless network
Failed to retrieve file times for '%s'
Using UPS power - %s remaining
It is the decision of your mutual issues.
Another device is called SpeedStrip.
They're there in thousands in every office.
This has proved that he used to kidnap beautiful women
The background of SreemathBagvath Geetha is the battle of Mahabharatha.
of what these minimum snap trajectories look like.
Could not read signature file “{0}”.
in terms of economic growth.
It's China there, moving against better health there, improving there.
They were making it possible for us
'%s' cannot be a future date
and realizing that what our family could afford
who wander around the streets of the village
you can just go online and buy whatever you want
List of Bollywood films of the 1990s
Uniform civil code of India
and policy framework that can make it possible for us
2 June, 20007, Faizabad court ordered that
I get that all the time in Dubai.
Northern Newslines - Connects Indians throughout the world
Look at this lady, Ram Timari Devi,
Could not load css '$1%{RELATIVEPATH}' for content script.
Victims of Palestine's violence and terrorism after September 2000
out there in the middle of the traffic circle.
Block access to a list of URLs
Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport
You are not allowed to import a group!
Publishing to %s finished successfully
Width of process 'Command Line' column
You can't help but think that.
State file %s parsing failed: (%d) %s
Put the light out !
This gives two ways of picking a black card .
Puraanvaagdrmay is called as ved in Shatpat Brahman(143.3.3.13)
“”Literature, written composition of Tyre is considered Lahiri
For nine years now I have been unemployed .
And it is possible, of course,
All right, all right. We're getting there. We're getting there.
All the brothers in a family share a wife .
Key file contains invalid escape sequence '%s'
over the past five years, there have been times
forms, the scale became very important,
Hindu, Buddhist, Jain religions of ancient religious texts in Sanskrit
and still have a great career.
I did resist the temptation to skip to the back
The real problem we have is
Time limit expiry message display time
all doubts are not related to partitioned
“ Sire - over what do you rule ? ”
And they didn't say anything.
So this weighs a little more
look at different jobs and what they entail
In fact, it also shows something interesting,
because it's important to understanding and treating osteoporosis.
that people who lived in Africa
- you unreasonably make yourself unemployed.
Disable animations on remote displays
And I'd like to share
Vitamin D can be obtained by sun light.
on some of these issues?
Create and delete directories (folders).
Takti : Unicode Hindi publisher
Glotz, peter & bartsatch, stephen Aids thumb tradition,
But technology moved on, as technology is wont to do.
and the chemical compounds needed to sustain life.
Most newspapers and magazines have mail order protection schemes .
For me, it was a yearlong street fight.
The special powers of Council of States
But as we just heard in this last session,
Open in %'d New Tab
And for this purpose, traditional cell culture techniques
Yes, there were eight men who defiled me, raped me,
that has come from this conference,
Always laugh when you can. It is cheap medicine.
Allows screenshots and galleries to be taken of videos
Here he envisions the carcass
the fact that President Clinton initially said
Unmatched quotation mark in command line or other shell-quoted text
The default graph type to show in the history window.
Mental health problem may occur in any age group.
And of course, a by-product of all of that
He shrugged his shoulders .
Firmware for the device may be missing
And I said, “I want to do that.”
because the data of what's happening in the world
Try update from Market now!
And they are very, very eagerly interested to get advice,
Needless and avoidable distress was caused to the family.
Basic and Mailing List Headers (default)
Failed to decrypt MIME part: protocol error
Show task preview below the task list
Moving file %'d of %'d (in “%B”) to “%B”
Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus railway station
The throughput rate right now is 1.5 million nets,
that, believe it or not, I have picked up
the order of president is a matter of judiciary
Text buffer object which actually stores entry text
Error while creating file %B.
Visual letter-recognition. Can move the mouse.
How tidy she was !
Certainly not a scenario of development repudiating the gun .
Tagore's childhood is very peace and happy full.
Uniform civil code of India
Underline color for misspelled words when using inline spelling.
and they sit, and they talk, and they talk.
poems were also selected as stories
These are The important tenants of Islamic religion.
there are many legends about the origin of Kabir.
Forced minimum width request for the actor
But it was not because she had a cold .
We need men and women who love Mexico
Woman: Everywhere I went looking for work, they said no,
Relying on an informant at Mason Crest, Khawaja then wrote:
that most things are very home-biased.
Join and create local networks over the Internet
media plays a big role
Council of States has three special powers
Change Pitch without Changing Tempo
The editors of Life magazine produced “The Arab World.”
can't open user configuration file '%s'.
The inner DOM node associated with the hit test result.
Meaning of word Bharat is Internal light.
You have to see the enormous challenges
That's part of you up there.
Read and modify your browsing history
Ved - puran: these are available in hindi translation.
some fluctuations and some randomness,
We need to learn, for example, from Dr. Cushing,
A string used for identifying the print job.
Can't read inflate stream: unexpected EOF in underlying stream.
Set the normal script execution rate
that we are not even able
This re-filled remembrance Hikamato (Yaddehanee) Hey, what language the way
_Update the network list every %S _second
You don't always have five days. So, we moved on,
Create a password for this account
back in the United States,
There are twenty four thousand hymns in Shiv Puran.
Please provide a Call attribute
we've covered all over India
If you look at the official statistics, they typically indicate
didn't have very much education.
Central Government can give directions to states on their affairs.
%(useful_favorable)s of %(useful_total)s people found this review helpful, including you
Set the selected image as the wallpaper
There was a problem encrypting your report.
Nyayabhasa composed by Kapila -LRB- p . 60 -RRB- .
Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru was the Chairperson of this commission|
In all India Mumbai has maximum skyscrapers.
You can walk across to another group,
as much as fast food is depleting our physical bodies.
Whether to print a footer in each page
Unable to reach the server.
An omen . <s> The boy smiled to himself .
and this could happen in every classroom in America tomorrow,
goutham budha died at an age of 70 years
So I went out and I started with the kids.
Wi-Fi network connection '%s' active
TD: So we ended up talking about the Bamiyan Buddhas,
Muhammad Ibn Zakariyya Alrazi -LRB- p . 144 -RRB- .
Default charset in which to compose messages.
Micro emissions dropped to 80%
A quiet word about noise and formal action
Use “%s” to open the selected item
Delete the selected bookmark or topic
in a very clear English accent.
Bengal goats are very small in size .
But the cool part is the user interface.
Now it had a sense of place.
The boy spent a sleepless night .
Starting Orca Preferences for %s.
So it's a wiki project.
Error: %s - no such connection.
It contains seven vertical strokes followed by this fish-like sign.
If in doubt seek further advice .
New files were successfully installed.
Intellectuals have identified four initial stages of its composition.
WHAT ARE THE OPTIONS ?
The server %{DOMAIN} requires a username and password.
and they explain to him that they're just following orders.
and she tells you 37 things you do really awesome,
One, you can make people actually secure
Cannot resume guest while cloning operation in progress
That note does not exist!
Google is a very large company.
This is near Jaipur. This is called the Jaigarh Fort.
The Nicobarese are very fond of stimulants .
empowering student voice and embracing failure,
But irrespective of that age,
Could not create pipe to sendmail: %s: mail not sent
that was considered so discouraging in its prospects.
Jis Desh Men Ganga Behti Hai
and you just disguise my violence.
Not supported for this hypervisor/libvirt combination.
The man from the attic flat , the painter .
All conditions meet consistency standards
The priests carried them in a golden breastplate . ”
The last one in this series was Mohammed.
Automatic Version 0 Version 1
No bookmark found for URI '%s'
with kids that are dyslexic.
in high school in Stow, Ohio
Ubharte Pratimano ke Rup (1969)
In this way state legislature powers came under parliamentary methods.
On 2 ,June, 2007 Faizabad court ordered that he had
and I'm going to take my lumps on this one.”
Africa can only be transformed by enlightened leaders.
A sample plugin in Vala with no features
Christian Buder, “”Die Todesstrafe, Tabu und Terror“”ISBN 978-3-8364-5163-5
Invert direction slider moves to increase range value
But the nearest would be “glory,” a reputation.
I have my claws . ”
The magistrate then charged the accused in two batches .
the mathematics education in this country.
This was by no means an easy task .
Are you sure you want to leave the network “{0}”?
The principal contributor of cadmium is the electroplating industry .
They say 3 percent of the population likes classical music.
have the guts to be the first one
about our women, about our politics,
In missionary position lover Yugal; Gustav Limpt 1914
believing it was a form of imperialism.
Create, import, or copy survey
Work Permits UK serving business needs
This is a video prototype.
View or modify the properties of the selected bookmark
These kumbha panjaras became a common feature .
After many months of digging around
The representation being used for image data
might help cool some of the superheated rhetoric
to increase the density of the communities around us.
Position and size of the import assistant window
Perhaps she herself had not quite thought it out .
Interest-free loan you have to pay back
This came to be known as the guarantee system .
Open Link in New &Tab
Speed up the script execution rate
Handshake with device management service pending...
Mahabharat : The uncomparable poem
Check at most %d answers
ever since that day in 2005,
we educate our leaders is fundamental
Some error occurred when installing the theme
Make sure that GNOME is properly installed.
The gap between the two countries in terms of literacy
And no one raised their hand.
Need for Speed: The Run
Result - Female's convinience, female's problems and enjoyment of females
Sync service is not available for your domain.
A few hours later, it had gone up
Historically, we've always acted as victims
Display notification when the connection is lost
Use medians, minimizing outlier effect in performance data
SCSI%s (%s,%s,%s), partition #%s (%s)
Tajmahal's outer decotation, beautiful example of the Mughal architecture
But those shoes came with round nylon laces,
in every classroom we've done,
TRUE if this printer is paused
That summary is as follows:
but also the products you see on the shelves.
Selection is a conspiracy against change , they say .
Play songs in a random order
of civil response against violence,
during the days in jail
Take Obiang junior. Well, he didn't end up
In all 956 are built, and 272 are under construction.
why the crows end up on the cover of Science
Have you seen these guys?
after this, the sea drowned Dwaarkapuri into it's waters.
Communist Party (Marxist-Leninist) of San Marino
which is why different species have different lifespans,
“Where did they go?” “Went to India and back.”
Sometimes it is a very dangerous act to palliate symptoms.
Use alternate database for profiles [$HOME/.config/gcompris/gcomprissqlite.db]
Goes to next combo box.
Unknown error looking up {0}
Cannot setup pam handle with null display
And he put out his lamp .
Duruyodan's killing and the end of Mahabharat war.
Journal of High Energy Physics
And let me tell you what it's like
But NASA is developing the space liner, always has,
He , in fact , adds to that .
After a short sharp struggle she gave in .
The window of the socket the plug is embedded in
But these great conversations can't occur if our scientists
It meets the Arabian Sea in the south.
Some of them committed suicide.
The first thing we need to change
Government control of industry increased .
The tail is fine and short .
of early prostate cancer and, by extension, breast cancer,
Be actively concerned with and involved in children's school work;
Most local authorities have a formal complaints procedure .
I am a meritocrat in that sense.
Republics of the Soviet Union
The seventh generation are still fighting for their rights.
what does it mean to have a disability?
woke up and didn't even know
Muhammad Haneeph is a examiner of stonemason.
Did I mention they're gorgeous?
%d percent of document read
this drip irrigation and bring it into other countries.
An error occurred while saving the archive.
trying to understand where the universe itself came from,
Now Humayu had paid attention to it also
Initial Superadmin cannot be deleted!
Failed to get value for ‘%s': %s
I make a rural woman to compete with multinationals.
What is illegal eviction? 9
What you can expect from us
and 16 to 18 watts in flight.
And there are two ways to do this.
we need to learn from the innovators,
We've discovered things like, for example,
And this is what we've lost in Afghanistan and Iraq.
This walking picture of Ramalinga brings out the quintessence
That three year-old girl is still part of you.
on an average,yearly 100 centimeters of rain falls.
Nobody knew - everyone thought they were wooden boots.
. Hindus also revere it as a fifth Veda.
about what they do or don't know.
On the other side, people were wrapping up streets, buildings.
Rani Laxmi Bai Memorial Senior Secondary School
She suspects I am using as a trump card
And then there was the language,
to find a more useful truth.
The captain waved me over.
below are the detailed list of his work
that the giants upon whose shoulders
The frequency gain cannot be negative
List of districts of Delhi
Whether this link has been visited.
Eastern Time - Ontario - most locations
Set template permissions for this user
Deactivates the screen saver when a movie is playing
SWAT Kats: The Radical Squadron
News newspaper and TV channels were flooded with this news.
But in the South, we love a good story.
and move into your house
But I repeated this all over India
as an Iranian woman artist
Will my body be damaged by organ donation?
Coke's been in Africa since 1928,
Illegal Object Class (Non-wxEvtHandler) as Event Source
Show deleted messages with a line through them
And it's grown up in some kind of way.
The point has registered well with officials .
How to claim see page 30. <s> Starting work schemes
Intimacy ☻☻☺Depth of Penetration ☻☻☻☻☻Mobility of Penetration ☻☻☻☻☻
as a result of these dislocations,
Everything was done by the people to the people,
Copy calendar contents locally for offline operation
The 'lights' include: <s> the sounds of letters
SM: So what's happening here?
which was, all you needed was a plank of wood
Siddarth's father was a king of shakyas.
So the robot is obviously capable
Opacity of the selection box
because we thought, hey, how hard could it be.
Failed to mount the cdrom.
in a truly public school.
GTK+ debugging flags to unset
The old man continued ,
Ram with the Monkey Army reached the Seashore.
in 1990s increasing inflation currency rate came down to 2.9%.
You may wish to read the <a href=“release-notes”>release notes</a>.
of the “I'll have a life when I retire,
“ What d ' you mean ?
Mr. Sampath - The Printer of Malgudi
Look at what he is doing.
the Herring Gull, in its freedom,
cities are engines of creativity,
People were making fun of the idea.
the feedback here is immediate.
For this he was hangged till death.
The voice asks, “Who is there?”
Check for new messages in all folders
Nana Sahib was defeated at Kanpur .
Pyaar To Hona Hi Tha
“ It wouldn ' t … ”
Remove each selected item from the recently used list
the services of GSM and CDMA both are available here
we also do the in-vitro-meat habitat,
Who else would … ”
Failed to cache message %s:
It's a noun that loosely translates
No user with this id :
Wrong number of tokens (%d)
Thus Subhashbabu is not accept the bet.
And then I ask my students,
And, of course, happy faces.
learned the variables of their machines,
They are considered useful both for milk and meat .
Support chapter markers in movies.
Brihanmumbai Electric Supply and Transport
to the physical world around us,
They were still there !
“ See the truth , ” the policemen say .
As a husband always he maintain his policy of monogamy.
who designs sails for America's Cup racing yachts
You have unsent messages, do you wish to quit anyway?
1 is not a prime number.
and when that pain sponges and soaks in,
Because, of course, this is a photograph
that our brains are pattern matching machines.
Determining the Age of Cattle
Could not go online in the network “{0}”
You are not allowed to change user data!
Karz: The Burden of Truth
Replacing it will remove all files in the folder.
And after one week, it's beating.
The fact that there are exceptions here does not
Unicode 16 bit Big Endian (UTF-16BE)
So, let's look at the proof.
A graphical frontend for Hamachi.
the cancer will end up killing it.
.Indian cultural songs shown against different caste culture.
or art as a form of R&D for humanity,
%s has sent back the following assigned task response:
and then say, “Can you hold on for a moment
India's constitution history, rajasthan contributed was important.
What we need from you
You have declined to upgrade to the new elementary OS
the members of society who are at this level,
List of plugins that are allowed to be loaded
doing nothing and then just leaving,
The facts are clear .
This may take a few minutes
“Well, maybe Country A is China
Why is it necessary to classify living things ?
Mixing down to &stereo during export
In order to get them to go away.
She carries a mean spiral notebook and a pen.
which was in a completely unrelated area
Many of them have square sikharas .
PRE - SCHOOLS AND PLAYGROUPS 14
We should send peacekeeping troops
And my daughter, she was born in Chile,
Importance of Ganga is also for tourism based income.
Failed to load info for handler '%s'
The wail of purdah went up again .
to saving one million people
Bijjala was a follower of traditional Shaivism .
Timeout while setting pipeline to NULL
On a low income ?
this “I'm not good enough,” -
Try to avoid crossing between parked cars.
Modules (%{TOTAL_COUNT}) - Known conflicts: %{BAD_COUNT}, suspected: %{SUSPICIOUS_COUNT}
And they're starting school feeding programs for their children
You can get these from your social security office.
and we thought that they were actually casting aspersions
SIM card is locked, please enter PIN. Tries left: $1%{TRIESCOUNT}
Some bookshops sell advice packs which includes the forms.
The dog! I was stunned with jealousy.
Invalid IV length (must be at least %zd).
of malaria bed nets and antiretrovirals.
There was massive flooding in Indonesia.
They said, “That's okay, Ms. Pierson.
In Prose and poetry different varying views of thinking developed.
1906 Paul Cornu First helicopter flight
and felt justified in telling me
The other names of God are parmeshwar,parmatma,vidhata,bhagwan.
Telecom Regulatory Authority of India
Some bookshops sell advice packs which includes the forms .
to meet with some Indian scientists
from here we can see the beautiful sight of Himalayas
This last is the most forbidding .
Thomas Pelham-Holles, 1st Duke of Newcastle
6 3/4 Envelope, 3 5/8 x 6 1/2 in
They were silent , holding their breath …
by a Muslim, President Abdul Kalam,
and that the children in those households get educated
Indian Government- Official Portal (In English)
try to write their own 50,000 word novel from scratch
And then I started Hanson Robotics,
Nor is this a problem unique to American authorities.
and a lot of it is because of open defecation.
and this is what the world looks like today.
Always allow JavaScript on $1%{HOST}
If you delete an item, it is permanently lost.
Briton's Meterological Department Haidli center's web site.
During the post-war boom many new mines were opened .
He took out his money and counted it .
He has translated his few books into English.
Jahagiri Mahal And Akbar Mahal in south side.
But our minds are still hypnotized by them.
the unity of the family.
to train the operator to operate this complex arm.
So, rather than waiting for that,
So this - we're going to zoom in.
Sub-Inspector Panna Lal : Bullet injury on left arm .
Displays a list of tables.
so the neighborhood knows what's happening.
Reset password on Grub systems
Government should make documents related to Netaji public.
The problem is they now prefer
Trade unions and peasant unions were also destroyed .
20 to 40 billion now of developing countries' monies
Create a new task from the selected message
Failed to parse XML file “%s”
So why does this matter?
CO2 tonne per year per person
Change the visibility of the statusbar
I believe we're living at a time in human history
I used to be a marathon runner.
He got up and went to shut the window .
does not include publicly-funded statistics. There are some web pages
of political crisis in Ivory Coast.
And these people, a handful of people,
Failed to add User Group.
just like a virtual reality computer system.
This query did not complete successfully.
List of open-source healthcare software
So she went away and brought him sweetmeats .
but who weigh their risks,
We fast-track. We figure out the game.
He considered for a moment what he should say .
You heat up one side, the hot side.
We learn these really bad lessons really well.
So here's my question to you:
using inkjet technologies to print breast cancer cells
that might, over time, start sustaining itself.
But still, will the society,
Working on average 16 hours a week or more ?
Toggles whether to have All Day Event
Success Criteria 1.4.7 of WCAG 2.0: Fail
Send e-mail message to mailing list?
You mean the stars ? ”
as I said, it's been seen by four ...
who are interested in matters of the spirit,
But you can help yourself too .
Less than one minute until the next break
Invalid choice. Selecting desktop keyboard layout.
Error connecting to udisks daemon: %s (%s, %d)
Get the profiles for a specific file
Saint Kabir's couplet and poems
Kengyur and Tengyur are their religious texts .
into a million little transactions.
It was after the Islamic Revolution
The rotation angle on the Y axis
How to claim see page 15.
by the end of their freshman year of college.
A graphical frontend for Hamachi.
Failed to Copy already defined labels to added languages
Waits for a successful connection in NetworkManager.
Use different passwords for different things.
Literature of different languages in Hindi
He, by the way, was considered remedial at school
in-spite of these also promoted Parsi,Jai
Green value of a pure white on your LED stripes.
If we look at babies and young children,
Even the drum is notalways restricted to music .
But because of this experimentation and iteration that was allowed
Dictionary: Hindi -> English dictionary Hindi to English dictionary
Nobody wanted her back , they said .
Click to change the name of this ship
Could not go offline in the network “{0}”
for improving the quality of your listening.
Setting Photos to Previous Event
Repeating headings in array questions every X subquestions:
and talk about where they stand.
Please press desired grab key combination
For detailed information lets have a look at history.
“ Are you cross ? ”
It was the beginning of a much higher degree
On this day, markets get filled with people.
Let's do something about it.”
And when you use indoor spraying with DDT
Copy selected text to the clipboard
a history of the present Hindi poetry
Unfortunately,he failed to complete it properly .
nicotine, opiates, cocaine, too much alcohol and chronic stress.
Preparing to copy %'d file (%S)
Maximum distance when keyboard is hidden
Let me give you just one example of this.
Hindi OCR - Converts Hindi speech to text.
Nirmay unqualified, nirgunmay quality, baat chanri why bahise.
How do scientists use our historic collections for reference ?
Roy followed in the middle of December 1930 .
There was an error deleting “%s”.
Abduction of Sita (painter: Ravi Verma)
Use extra mouse button events in Nautilus' browser window
A folder named “%s” already exists. %s
Twenty-two and six make twenty-eight .
“What happens if she runs off with an Indian man?”
Failed to flush client add to saved state file: %s
Add Yahoo! Calendar and Tasks to this account
” You have good poison ?
That's why Gandhi had to make this journey confidently.
Nothing counts except the age of experience .
it's not just about talking about India, it's not propaganda.
Mantra part- It is involved in the homas presently.
Scale factor on the Y axis
suraksha khabar line:terorism&international terorism www.debriefed.org
The rights of Indian Prime Minister
Bravado or quintessential populism ?
Five to 10 percent of the race car
The panel encountered a problem while loading “%s”.
Thinking of starting your own business ?
Stuffled bholi is Maharashtra's cultural food.
She must go away .
The door is open on printer '%s'.
83 percent: discrimination against women
They said, where are people going to find the morality,
Apply filters to new messages in Inbox on this server
Text entry to input date
In Mumbai Gandhi Ji used to live in Mani Bhavan.
He was in the USA from 1916 to 1917 .
And we wanted to work with a notion of being
in the corner of a dark room -
Grandmother: Well done! Very good.
After a silence the little prince spoke again :
but we'll see about how things are going on.
Indian Institute of Technology Hyderabad
and finally to the place where he's buried
Recreate the folders stored in the archive
Up to %(maxmem)s available on the host
[Middle East Studies:] Wasted Money
The age is 400 years.
unless it is really, really freaking bad.
to dismiss the whole of religion that way.
drive doesn't implement polling for media
Official of The Lok Sabha
and then the iPod gets shipped to the U.S.,
And a little later you added :
Copy a screenshot of an area to clipboard
it was still in his mind .
Whether to hide completed tasks in the tasks view.
But they're less likely to stick.
on the one hand I absolutely agree with him,
that the human mouth and teeth
to potentiate the tryptamine. So you ask yourself a question.
We have the capacity to do it.
Maktub , thought the boy .
The album did not have a feed link.
who can't read and write,
The women told us one thing. “Get us technology.
Its official name became Mumbai in 1995.
All users may connect to this network
The old man looked disappointed .
gave back to total control of the Inuit
Your python install is corrupted. Please fix the '/usr/bin/python' symlink.
My colleagues Tal Yarkoni and Russ Poldrack
May only contain letters, digits, hyphens, and dots.
Health extension workers can help with so many things,
LDAP server did not respond with valid schema information.
And, I say that that's fine -
Whether or not to allow smartcard readers for login
And they say, “Well, streets don't have names.
For how many days did Shiny Cars halt its production?
Is it the Zetas? The drug traffickers? The government?
Didn't understand ‘%s' (extra unescaped ')' found inside pair)
This is not a completely tautological statement;
has got a really small one.
The Virat face of Shri krishna,
Sunni is one of the main sect of Islam.
Show the 'Insert Unicode Control Character' menu
” I found these one day in the fields .
That's why we grow homes. Thanks very much.
You can't rename a standard template.
“Hello, how're you doing, baby?”
Set color temperature of display according to time of day.
%{PLUGINNAME} is required to display this content.
This is the literature of different accent of Hindi
It can stand as a symbol that the wearer
Two months later, something incredible happens.
the benefits of having a voice,
And he said, “I'm a fireman.”
Do not allow sites to access my camera and microphone
Some girls even wore really short skirts .
The vast majority of its people
Some of them are in trade and business .
Failed to get file info for %s
Body structure drawing of human penis.
and obviously there are seven billion people in the world,
Build a train according to the model
Aspect ratio if obeychild is FALSE
The initial print settings for the print operation
A : Actually it 's the system .
that if you look, for example, at transportation,
to be consumed by individuals.
But perhaps they knew that on sixth, November, 2009,
Choose a language from the full list of available languages.
but asking them to communicate ideas in a different way
The linearity is very strong between child survival and money.
I said that, “We are going to win.
Error: Access point with nsp '%s' not found.
carry 12 tanks each of compressed helium.
List contents of directories in a tree-like format.
I will not hate for you
And suddenly the music took off. It took flight.
can come to an SMS,
Computer will shutdown very soon unless it is plugged in.
Create resource '%s' failed with HTTP status %d (%s)
Remove selected units / buildings
The representation being used for secondary icon
Whether this is a personal decision -
It stars New York actor Sunil Malhotra .
Invalid iconid '%s' in OpenIconForRead
Wikipedia:Do not disrupt Wikipedia to illustrate a point
Your local Victim Support Scheme is :
How to apply see page 18.
but kabeer's ram ica capable but not different from others
So if you have a choice
1.5 to 2.5 hours a day
#9 Envelope, 3 7/8 x 8 7/8 in
Now it born of Sufi work.
Google Chrome is up to date.
for that to make substantial progress from where we are.
The style and theme is effectively used in Krishna poetry
She was no exception .
a remarkable man who left his job in a bank
Once she had a heart attack while painting .
and more sympathetic enquiries and systems of bans.
Everything was not yet lost .
If YES, claim Incapacity Benefit.
Why would you use this example of all examples?”
Specify the filename of a theme to install
General Insurance Corporation of India
At the same time Amitabha was
Because, after all, God is just.
And a month into it, I come to the office,
She was actually coming out of an Amnesty International meeting.
I mean, there is a major climate crisis, obviously.
My desperation made me an innovator.
How does it benefit the world ?
Default column order in the list view.
Autocomplete with this address book
%d new package will be installed
Fill color used for rectangle resize mode
Solar radiation works according to humidity in the atmosphere.
the boundaries between nations mean less and less,
Cameroon, northern Cameroon, boom and bust cycles of hunger
He often leads these delegations himself .
The direction you're looking when Stellarium starts
Unknown field in file %s, line %d: '%s'.
The truth will emerge soon . ”
but this doesn't have electricity.
We had a whole choice of inappropriate names for her.
supreme court bring up where parliament itself does not says
poured in from all over India,
And that day I knew that when I grew up,
Okay, this is a test where you either have to
This is what poverty line is -
And we know - we know -
With some goods you may have manufacturers' guarantees .
Shirin Farhad Ki Toh Nikal Padi
and just looked at those.
So, how did the city respond?
The first version, in the back, that's STriDER I.
because I fell in love with that wildscape -
because it's directly linked to greenhouse gas emissions.
<b>%s</b> through %s has canceled the following assigned task:
and I think the TED community is capable of anything.
It's to culture that we should look
from a church to a mosque to a synagogue
Number stanzas in Brahma Puran is ten thousand.
But the asi has no money to protect them .
The permissions of “%s” could not be determined.
Files opened by process “%s” (PID %u):
” Here it is .
“ You ' re being unkind .
Start Haguichi minimized in the notification area
Could not go online in the network “{0}”
CAIR was started by Hamas members ….
The problem and why it matters
The ends cannot be separated from the means .
Children: You can't catch me.
Sreekrishn is giving the message of Geetha to Arjuna.
like tens of thousands of fifth graders or sixth graders
Show/Hide the window side pane.
so that all people could have access,
Supreme Court had itself put some additions in its use.
The keyboard shortcut '%s' is already assigned to: '%s'
Can my baby be protected from hepatitis B infection?
if the government develops and the government uses it.
If you are interested, please register.
with management assistance, strategic assistance -
All of the plans for me were already made.
Position on the screen of the chat window
You can usually get extra money for your family.
But he had to work under very adverse conditions .
We also participate in formal education .
Document ‘%s' has been sent to ‘%s' for printing.
Do not allow any site to disable the mouse cursor
♫ The scientists have it all wrong ♫
Whether this text is hidden.
Distribution is a nightmare, but not impossible.
His health again detoriated ni Almoda prison.
I'm a convict; I am branded 'wrong.'
One, they said, “Life is on an incline.
in our personal and professional lives,
and then you will be given options to reduce.
Because, in some sense, it's the ideal kind of technology
Use a visual indication when an alert sound occurs
Can we create a perfect society?
I see beauty in the future of the Internet,
Now the problem with this model of censorship,
Knowing, that's what distinguishes us from the apes.
Display notification when a member comes online
my dad used to take me grocery shopping.
with a knowledge of English
and gain a better understanding of our landscape?
In this, self-confession has importance rather than self-thinking.
She does it with only one age-old gesture.
Enabling remote connections for this computer…
there's a group of kids who've raced ahead
by, for example, connecting us to rivers
If it still does not work , complain .
'unnamed' always stays at the bottom of the list
but what's going on up there?
for the clinical arm of this team.
Babies love words and language .
Daliy Hindi news- Bundelkhand's first web based paper
The most impressive airplane ever, I believe, was designed
about his life in St. Petersburg -
by humans and other creatures.
Kusum loved water as though she belonged there .
Move window to south-west (bottom left) corner
Copy folder in folder tree.
Width of the map in pixel
There was an ethnic side to this conflict
or maybe a meeting reminder
Virtual Network is not active.
no community should be saddled with more environmental burdens
Please wait while %{PRODUCTNAME} installs the latest system updates.
If you would please, please do it
Human Rights and Democracy Movement
and had entirely transformed the country
The services your council may provide .
Path of the device node
Conditions of employment 3 11
Are you sure you want to delete the network “{0}”?
FILES... - open FILES with registered application.
Element <%s> not allowed at toplevel
<small>For example, not from advertisers on these sites</small>
We need data, we don't need help.
File exists but cannot overwrite it.
But basically it's just a B, with four sads.
It sounds as if it was near the river .
and everyone looked at me for a response,
Click on one of the buttons in the toolbar.
Select themes for various parts of the desktop
Failed to create a temporary file name
The fourth period extends till the end of life .
Taxonomy requires a great deal of expertise .
hinduwiki.com- A website on subject of Hindu religion
Change - Armed Chair position
because the characters in the British books I read
I was given a chance to lead a workshop
Imagine history being taught differently.
controlled burn(controlled burn), control oil, Dust Bowl(Dust Bowl).
looking at evidence and clues embedded
. The main characters in this war are also eighteen.
without even doing an ECG or a chest X-ray
Savings over £8,000 usually mean you cannot get Income Support
Sunrise: %s / Sunset: %s
And people made their house,
Death is usually caused by cardiovascular disease .
Windows that rectangle resize should be used for
I think you can get change.
The most dominant adminstrator Minadar supported Baudhha religion
The backend does not support bulk modifications
(p) Working Holidaymakers undertaking employment incidental to their holiday.
Record a video using a webcam
and there was a very healthy sense of caution,
Binding to show the on-screen keyboard
Save project as a plain text list
Osteoporosis (Brittleness of bones or thinning of bones).
on the fields of the poor people,
Some of them have wing-span of nearly 10 cm .
So, if they achieve human level intelligence
Toggles whether Unmatched search folder is enabled
And assure them repeatedly that everything will be OK .
Failed to open file '%s' for writing: fdopen() failed: %s
and polling and focus groups
quit after only 33 minutes, on average,
You'll find them in your telephone directory .
if you give them that opportunity.
Enables experimental support for touch screens.
invalid escape sequence in character class
The Da Vinci Code (film)
This tribe, the Cofan, has 17 varieties of ayahuasca,
And it wasn't long before other sites like Fark
All right, recently I started a public art project
♫ Everyone's out today ♫
On that mountain Sugriva was staying with his ministers.
History of measurement systems in India
Error: 'other' is a reserved keyword.
and encouraging others to give.
That's where children experience life.
The attachment has no viewable calendar items
14 days after putting the computer in their village.
Who Will Get the Help
What is special about specimens ?
That's wrong, for me, if you want to raise entrepreneurs.
because both of these were deciphered
Banner message text when chooser is empty
The title of this tray icon
a lot falls by the wayside.
the guy was actually on duty.
Failed to close the display “%s”
Enable &dragging of left and right selection edges
And so a plan came up to video the vote.
to a physical view of this environment.
Women ' s voices .
It is written for you.
because our firetrucks did not have water.
or that I remind them of their seven year-old.
the population here was 22,000 persons per km.
Batukeshwar Datta sat there pretending cycle complaint.
Insufficient memory to save image into a buffer
And that's where the three kids got arrested,
Invalid attribute type (uint32 expected)
Uttar pradesh is situated in north-west part of india
Error opening file for writing
which I'll talk about later.
Bombay, Baroda and Central India Railway
GNOME Theme %s correctly installed
Resize to half the original video size
A friend to all is a friend to none.
Sita Ram Raju was shot dead .
Then I thought, “Why not make a Google Map,
Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts of India
but with the strips of steel, salvaged from cars
These files are on a Super Video CD.
There are some more videos left to burn
“The Taliban are gone!” my father shouted.
DIB Header: Image width > 32767 pixels for file.
There's actually a gentleman in the front row
It involves light cones and quantum entanglement,
because that is how information was being transported
The threat of litigation becomes both credible and effective .
Downloading file %li of %li
These are adorned with golden leaves and precious stones.
Mouse button to activate the “Forward” command in browser window
One such influential outsider is Paul Sihota .
as painting a wall of blue like a morning sky.
Group 1: The first lot of questions
Please enter the nickname you want to use.
Do you want to report the problem now?
New password required for secure storage
This file is encrypted and cannot be played back.
FN: Can you bring out our baby?
The position in which the current value is displayed
Click on the notification icon to show the available information.
Failed to get folder list
When India got independence entrepreneurs were seen
Children were designing solutions for a diverse range of problems.
Could not read pilot's Address application block
Don ' t stand about here , go in .
In fact, they need to be able to read discerningly.
Measuring access time (%2.1f%% complete)…
Whole class - shared reading and writing
Cannot parse double value '%s' for %s
Institut Polytechnique des Sciences Avancées
He shrugged his shoulders helplessly and closed his book .
but we have to change from the industrial model
The omens had told him so .
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (film)
Dictionary.com-for verifying english words'meaning and pronounciation in IPA
United States House of Representatives
1 second in the future
to collaborate together, to start thinking together.
The page of the document to display.
Dana: There's too much darkness.
The first Indian-built steamer was launched in 1948 .
I went for a walk on the beach,
And then it went international.
And I'm about to show you
but that tells you how hard he was working.
A study by the Economic Commission for Africa showed
You are not allowed to edit groups in this survey!
Attribute “%s” is invalid on <%s> element in this context
Show HUD for touch points
I love the way that they see the world,
Whether the buffer has some text currently selected
That was bad enough .
he stayed in Goughat, in the middle Mathura and Agra.
It started sometimes after the complain of stomach pain.
The cutter was the first to shake himself free .
If YES to both, apply for Working Families' Tax Credit.
Must start with a lower-case letter.
in the Middle East - in Iraq or Afghanistan.
Their advantages - 1. No court fees
The history of modern Hindi literature.
And if any of these feel inappropriate
Internal error, unknown error '%s' requested
Please download and install the latest Hamachi version.
whenever they drove through a particular location in that town.
Breast feeding gives babies the best start in life .
It continued for about two years .
Rebuild the same mosaic on the right area
In many portions, water hyacinth
Display video, audio and image preview
by paying attention to ...
Here was some lawyer or money manager
Punctuality and utilisation of rolling stock improved considerably .
Ask if this will be taken off the final bill.
So to remind you of physics,
Failed to create child process '%s': %s
He was known to hardly ever take any rest .
the minds on the margin
This Baudh is in new year.
Export bookmarks to HTML file...
But you can prevent the consequences by acting quickly .
Open this notebook's template note
Because sometimes people from outside the U.K. imagine
Set a good example .
Enables a new visual style on certain dialogs.
Do you want Google Chrome to save your password?
The mandate was for correcting the system .
Create address book entries when sending mails
so everybody can see this.
And there's a lot of infrastructure things,
Failed to register with the requested network
He was their leader yet never dominated over them .
He's the one who reminds us
Probable: Tibetian-Barmai people arrived in Nepal before 2500 years
Click next to choose your default browser.
He used to very carefully clean up all these.
taken by over 2,000 schools in India,
Church of St Thomas the Martyr, Monmouth
If you had gotten five,
which is just a really beautiful, beautiful electric bike
So let me ask you guys something -
by people in extreme cold, in sub-zero temperatures.
Relief of the group header button
continuous watery secretion from vagina
One also keeps self away from meaningless work.
with them in the aftermath of the Cuban revolution.
In my friend, I find a second self.
%d (enabled, prefer temporary IP)
But with the pencil in their mouth,
Eastern Time - Indiana - Crawford County
Are you sure you want to stop the interface '%s'?
India national field hockey team
and then provide visuals which appeal to our other senses
do not guarantee you economic growth.
It was not such a heavy body …
Net banking , for example .
This calligraphy is fix with white marble plate.
Display plain text version of multipart/alternative message
This does not apply with stock items
and elsewhere unless we all do something about it.
I said, “Is that thing real?”
So I imagine my life,
anciene hindu society emphasised on caste
and the other is a condenser.
Kabir, Rahim, all the great Sufi saints,
The trade partner does not buy more of this.
But I found my place.
We can't do without government,
Rekhi thought it was a bomb .
in the material that allow this to happen.
Position on the Z axis
just to click a mouse.
Cannot connect to the proxy server.
Please download and install the latest Hamachi version.
than to find a place,
at the starry sky above and the moral law within.”
Thank you very much for looking and listening.
Unknown suffix '%c' used for variable '%s' (value '%s')
Failed to create DUN connection: %s
Delete the podcast episode and downloaded file?
Failed to send %d of %d messages
City Council and Health Services <s> Residence and Shelter
Practice reading by finding the word matching an image
And she knew nothing about it .
In use by software RAID device ${DEVICE}
they just play those two notes.
We think there's a simpler solution to this problem -
So obviously this is not all going to fit
Please replace the disc with a disc holding data.
1. Sursagar - which is a famous work of Surdas
The URI that is currently being inspected
Migration and met Hitler in Nazi Germany
No unused colour in image.
the guess was 30 percent, which is
Mount Nimba Strict Nature Reserve
What about the domestication of grains?
But hitler was not interested in india's topics
Some of the stuff we share is stuff we've made.
In this way modern Hindu religion was born.
He felt her press against him gratefully .
For better or worse, we kids aren't hampered as much
They have these wacky, cool, crazy, brilliant ideas, and
Size of tab overlap area
initially, mostly in their sleep.
I can ' t imagine it .
The mount options stored in the <b>/etc/fstab</b> file
so you can see the scale.
Open menu on focused track
The path of the command
after seeing the computer for the first time.
You should get good service from your council.
so there is no exploitation.
has built a technology called ToucHB,
Lots of children find spelling hard .
Go to the title menu
If we're able to unite
Princess Royal Trust for Carers (PRTC)
But if you look at the spectrum,
And that is the translation of the feelings
The Himalaya photos taken from space.
Even cats were watching this video.
And as the saying goes,
Whether the widget is the focus widget within the toplevel
We as men, good men,
thank you, these are great answers,
The icon of the command to be run.
You have just inserted a blank CD.
shanshah was the word used in farsi for samrat
Dial 999 and ask for an ambulance .
Shade windows with metacity theme decorations from opaque to translucent
Subhash Babu expressed his sore to Hitler about this subject
Binding to toggle the on-screen keyboard.
“So can you tell me who is who?”
File %s cannot be opened for writing.
Send a read receipt to '%s'
kind of very very impressive mobility.
You can choose when to start getting your SMP.
There's no choice in this.
They took a fundamentally dehumanizing experience -
The sync server is busy, please try again later.
Before I start that, just so you know,
But it was very sad.
The Working Committe is below the Executive.
After this, it again went into the rule of Greco-Bactrian.
or are you going to do something with this?
(Audio) Al Gore: I consider myself
The interval must be positive or zero
If A Blood Sample Is Being Taken
Title must contain at least one character
The Accel Group to use for stock accelerator keys
DISK IS LIKELY TO FAIL SOON
I don't know, because I never did it.
Play ' I-spy ' .
of its readership as to what people's guesses
rai raajvansh of sindh (489-632) ruled this
that there was not a single staff member
as more than chapter one, as our moral absolution.
- King Ching of Chou (1100 BC)
for the first time once too.
Raja Man Singh was the Rajput King of Amber(Jaipur)
It doesn't matter whether you talk to people
The first follower is what transforms
Port number for SOCKS requests
“ Enough , ” said the boy .
And The 99 were like superheroes
The following old token tables could be restored:
People reuse it for a slab for their home.
So my artwork is about identity and language,
Copyright (C) 2006-2011 Red Hat Inc.
Produced by Department of Health
that the way to deal with copyright violation
%s: Cannot start greeter trying default: %s
Allow %{HANDLER_TITLE} (%{HANDLER_HOSTNAME}) to open all %{PROTOCOL} links?
This is the world's first test tube baby
and are actually pretty smart,
Extended Unix Codepage for Japanese (EUC-JP)
Herakals had married many times and have no of sons
is that, in fact, turning those products into services
and is being won. In others, like mine,
It works in two ways :
that if you fielded average content,
But those who had announced it
The front wheels rotate like this.
Enable storage for this virtual machine
and save whatever was above that price.
Birth-death's worldly circle ends only when a person obtains enlightenment.
It exists. What is a snob?
and - this was the hard part -
This site was prevented from registering a custom URL handler.
Mumbai North East (Lok Sabha constituency)
I don't know if you've heard about it - newspapers?
Comparison of machine translation applications
George Bush thought he was going to invade Iraq,
Years of the date of Diwali
Roy was an international figure , a distinguished revolutionary .
A6 105 x 148 mm
Go to previous history item
Move selected messages to another folder
But what's interesting is the unique cadence of the song,
Also for search and rescue applications as well.
The URI '%s' is invalid
Turn accessibility features on and off using the keyboard
“My 12 year-old son has autism
You have changed this appointment, but not yet saved it.
This place show equally in Urdu and Hindi.
is not a mechanical process,
The Chalukya-Rashtrakuta lingas are of a different type .
I learned that manual labor really sucks.
At present, that's not happening in New York CIty.
Iron and steel technology changes very fast .
- Elie Wiesel, writer, Nobel laureate
So, welcome to the Golden Desert, Indian desert.
They put 16 people inside a brain scanner
And there are many applications of this technology.
two FireWire cameras, rate gyros, accelerometers,
In async mode, output must be file.
%s: Could not make socket
It possesses comparatively a delicate constitution .
English govt had awarded him with roy bahadur medel.
List of airports by IATA code: X
one of the more important things in the work.
Hubert Figuiere and Tomboy Project
Ask every time a site wants to show desktop notifications
“ Good morning , ” he said .
It is harmless in teens and prepubertal.
Search for files by file name only
Also, personal experiences with crime can do it,
You can access the Totem.Object through 'totemobject' :\n%s
dare to catch a bullet
if Mumbai were to bowl a shot, for example,
Allow remote system administrator login
“ That ' s right .
Select theme for the desktop
Interval between disappearance and appearance
Play a sound when we log in
whether you are from the technology, or entertainment,
Cannot find container for unknown control '%s'.
Very long hair should be avoided .
can generate the same level of brain stimulation
Test to detect audio devices
onto the Nina, the Pinta and the Santa Maria
This action ,learning comes chagan bal from four sides.
And this one I really won't spend any time on,
What great people think of Sanskrit (in English)
so I knew the events
With his imagination, he increased his knights.
Immediately after this struggle, Bahadur Shah Zafar was tried here.
In fact it offered little scope for capitalist development .
full of very difficult integrals and formulas
Display notification when a member comes online
Mobile network operators of India
The maximum frequency must be an integer
Clothed in this nylon bag,
Y-position of search at frame relative to marker's position
What to do in emergency .
This was initiated in Delhi prison.
Copyright 2010 Maxim Kartashev, Copyright 2011-2013 Yorba Foundation
Maximal period of the noise grain in pixel
This is a SOLE in Newcastle.
“ Not yet , anyway . ”
1 Form a HACCP team.
8 Some of the potential ideas for consultation include:
The rules are the same.
Sometimes birds are also portrayed .
That was his first moment of regret .
Configure and manage your Ubuntu One account
I started when I was 15 years old.
to govern in a more enlightened fashion.
Kabirs writings in poetry fund
And, long story short, again, they've been so successful.
took me back to the year I spent
What about reports of links between MMR and bowel disease?
I was separated, largely, from my family,
by the human imagination since the dawn of consciousness.
by completely unrelated other viruses
Whose real name is TEJO MAHALAY.
So he thought, why don't I convert
Well the yellow part of the code is now decrypted.
I could see in her eyes,
Email Address (optional) <s> Title of Comments
150 schools for 7,000 children.
this is known as kalam
go to the opposite side of the world
So I now would like you
Where should bill be proposed
that means I found a few things.
Indo-Aryan tribes entered the Kathmandu valley at around 1500 B.C..
This booklet points out the potential problems from misusing drugs.
The number of horizontal tiles
Add an LDAP Address Book
Set a good example .
%s has declined the following assigned task:
After this Gautam Buddha, sent them for sermons
He grew up in a bohio of dirt floors,
Can I find out more about giving consent?
or visit their web site for book reviews at: http://www.fcbg.mcmail.com
The newspaper , The Hindustan Times , reported :
who go out with bicycles and pushcarts and wheelbarrows
DHCP client failed to start
even people who were very, very well informed.
Default width for video preview.
Bhishma said Pandavas should fight him keeping Shikhandi in frontfore.
Please update the following fields:
If you were to say to the grown-ups :
And that's happened now in a number of countries.
So the people kept it.
to benefit from these first therapies
and come up with an 18th camel.
Yahoo! Home Screen Name 1
This can be based on network or desktop application.
Indian Council of Agricultural Research
Festival (Text to Speech)- Festival, text-to-speech programme for Hindi (download)
Calculating files to skip copying...
“You have a license. How long have you been driving?”
He actually had a car accident.
to see new Indian art.
and you want to take them to India.”
are growing smaller all the time.
Warning - Orphan Block File(s)
Select LimeSurvey question file (*.lsq/*.csv)
Disable Encrypted Media Extensions on %{VIDEOHTML} elements.
like the saraswathi barav,souryaand ganesh kund,etc.
for the star constellation Pleiades.
Stand where you can see if anything is coming .
View or modify the properties of the open folder
They localized it into 18 different languages.
and I picked up this book,
He gave his call in no uncertain terms :
in Jordan, in Turkey, in Syria.
What makes you feel vulnerable?”
The feet should be hard , black and waxy .
and then you have a snapshot exam.
Each project - that's a film
Audacity could not write images to file: %s.
“ A new customer . ”
Assuming religious books beyond error
that children, especially in the diaspora,
happening of course a bit later.
at any given moment. It's also very flexible architecture.
The second voyage to England proved abortive .
In science we have to keep the whole database,
You must be authenticated to update documents.
the way we see things -
And this non-profit group had a big welcoming lunch
Please enter a number between %d and %d
this flyover where you're eight feet
Display the time column in the main window.
My estimation is that probably 45 of you
The National Society for Clean Air and the Environment (NSCA)
Element <%s> not allowed inside <%s>
The preferred alignment for the string, for multi-line text
I'm very excited about the fact
Ping the server to check if it's alive.
You can do as much voluntary work as you like.
it asked them to create for themselves.
Comments may not be added to this entry.
In the start of his career Sachin's style was aggressive.
Reads the current value, or sets a new value
And I wanted to just very quickly -
And the back story is this:
is creating 90 pieces of content each month.
Method '%s' returned type '%s', but expected '%s'
Meanwhile , the boy thought about his treasure .
We have no control over it . ”
And there's kind of a bifurcation -
so they feel they belong to a group or friends
he was a teacher par excellence.
PKCS #1 SHA-384 With RSA Encryption
Great story is the art of letting go.
and, maybe most important of all,
So, why don't we hear more about the world?
It has 36 cities and 16,916 villages .
length of the overlapping area (in %)
Good Thoughts of Swami Vivekanand [On Hindi Wikiquote]
Well, it's been around for 2,500 years.
Noise is generally regarded as unwanted sound .
That there in the desert
Could not download the upgrades
Mumbai is one of the worlds 10 best commercail center.
Top to bottom, left to right
Where can I find out more ?
Idolatry, the target spot, he has a witness
they might not have gone to engineering college,
lipik.in - Easy way of typing Hindi.
Another insight, which, again, I want to leave with you,
Vacuum Cleaner at 3m or a Telephone ringing at 2m
So we talked for a few minutes, and he said,
So an example might be,
A large dome decorateds the top of this building.
These drugs often circulate in gymnasiums and health clubs .
And only without conscious listening
previously-checked referenced subpattern not found
how articles are formed in Wikipedia -
(?R or (?[+-]digits must be followed by )
Destination name to invoke method on
Your new right to Compensation for Improvements
Opacity of desktop window when not rotating.
In this document , we refer to 'your child' .
These parameters control how the bootstrap system works.
“I err therefore I am.”
And we made this film in Casablanca,
the moralistic, communal side of religion,
Did not find a connection with UUID '%s'
And we've had far too many icebergs
The price : Rs 6.5 lakh .
Show plain text if present
it lies with international donors.
Other plug in for Hindi spelling check for Firefox
The number of rows of the pixbuf
The biography of the educated boat owner in English
Lead emissions dropped by more than 98%.
Yet I still hadn't saved a single life.
improper replication of the DNA molecule causes disease,
Parliament does not control the government .
Use encrypted transport protocol (HTTPS)
Check for updates when running on battery power
and we see wonderful things.
A dependency of the connection failed
Move window to workspace 1
Upon getting into deep meditation this can be heard|
9. Are you the next of kin?
in uttarpradesh now there are 51 district and 17parts
It is bred in Bandur village of Mandya district .
Cow-camel gives birth to one calf at a time .
and used in a camel cart.
Bull's stomach has blown up.
Then the little prince said , earnestly :
and conversation at the same time.
Use %A for address and %N for nickname
the water will fall on this catchment,
Admitted in the hospital in year 2005
Print the photo to a printer connected to your computer
“You can go to a real school now,” he said.
Drugs, you want more of the same - different.
This is a cosmic ray experiment
That fellow looks left and right,
could be broken by the content industries,
can these things happen -
Intercourse(intimacy), depth of insertion, width if insertion
We can do to the next harvest.
Monmouth Fire and Rescue Station
the journey of the presidential candidate
Now, the thing is, the world is going to need
Which service should be used for subscribing?
List of Internet top-level domains
Failed to open X Window System display '%s'
what choices they were making,
It makes our recognition of our equal humanity difficult.
Show Haguichi in the notification area
Failed to delete labels for removed languages
These are the people who don't mind classical music.
December 1983: five dead at the U.S. embassy in Kuwait.
Convert spaces in question text to underscores
can sell or make a profit
Those mosquitoes are not infected.
Sanskrit languages' grammar is very pure and scientific|
Chris Anderson: William, hi. Good to see you.
It's this amphitheater right over 10th Ave.
Bull's stomach has blown up
Series: Cities of Uttar Pradesh
new materials which we can put into structure later on,
So in short, I'm startled by all the things
“Listen, I am breathing freedom.
working in his bare chest,
towards overestimation, and so I thought it important
to make an economic argument for democracy,
Something else you see that you talk about -
It is free , and borrowing books is free .
%s field(s) were successfully added.
The script file must exist and be executable.
An error occurred while checking for updates: %{ERROR}
and it explores all the solutions
Timeout before tooltip is shown
Another way of thinking about it
with the mindset to create change.
There was a question in their eyes .
Make the ball go to Tux
So what kind of a contributor was I?
Principal of power separation in Indian constitution-
He has been always associated with Akbar.
that something I do here actually does matter in Africa,
Open in %'d New Window
2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami
in the face of a story,
Your saved passwords will appear here.
that can access the capital markets,
Tsingy de Bemaraha Strict Nature Reserve
Goes to previous visited link.
Do you hear it ?
600 dpi, photo, black + color cartridge, photo paper
unable to join netlink group: %s
Workers establish a socialist order.
is going to effect how that change happens.
List the children of SCHEMA
about 100 billion galaxies. Right?
but she takes responsibility for that.
He had helped him out in a dangerous situation .
Select language and click Log In
In the third act, we went into Bosnia and Kosovo
A plugin for the features in the IMAP accounts.
Please choose the appropriate response for each item:
Sivaji came hear in 1666 for Purandhar agreement.
the dairy industry has gone up 30 percent.
Keep track of your shopping items with OI Shopping List.
Error creating lock file '%s': %s
The new password has already been used recently.
Solar Gas Heater Project Report
Jabbar: Then what about the rest of us?
Tell me what you're thinking there?
Here it was the middle of the night,
- It has six characteristic features
If you look at the statistical evidence worldwide,
Enable modifier keys? Enter y or n:
in a very efficient and adaptive manner.
'%s' doesn't match the virtual interface name '%s'
In both my vocation at Robin Hood
we can really penetrate into the market
All live regions set to off
Love truth, and pardon error.
This raised a storm of protest among the Virashaivas .
Could not add application to the application database: %s
Choose your contractor with care .
And here we are now.
Downloading messages in folder '%s'
It is mentioned next only to ' Sovereign ' .
Regular bathing is most important to keep elephants healthy .
Some of the most amazing experiments,
Select first proposal when completion is shown
this is the one room schoolhouse, Oak Grove,
while we need to strengthen the judiciary,
what advice he would give me
“”Jawahar and Motilal Nehru sacrificed “”Western Attires“” and Pricey Property.
which has made India happen the way it is today.
“ Please excuse me … ”
we could stop vaccinating everybody, worldwide,
By the year 2000 to :
Error launching volume wizard: %s
The GtkAdjustment connected to the progress bar (Deprecated)
Some addresses already exist in this contact list.
Your Jewish God ? ”
Multiplication memory game against Tux
- you do not have a Jobseeker's Agreement
Mullah Do Pija was Akbar's consultant.
The first daily newspaper of India.
Query parameter not allowed for albums.
there was a lot of respect for unintended consequences,
she thanks her children for doing their chores.
cricket started bringing riches in.
Performs right click on current flat review item.
I was alone on foot.
So when I speak of leadership,
that encouraged me to start my current endeavor
updating and simplifying the law on weights and measures
and everyone knew the truth.
The same fate befell the political school .
during this time he made many capitalists his enemy.
Preparing to trash %'d file
Where is this world ?
Pick list to insert items
the incentives necessary to expand a business,
Invalid first-element type “%s” on <%s>
Shortly after he published my first novel
He was making poem in Parsi.
Later, he began writing under the name of Premchand.
Subscribe to folder of other MAPI user...
Johannes Diderik van der Waals
<b>%s</b> through %s has declined the following meeting changes:
the first and perhaps only boarding school
That is where we want you to try crazy ideas.
Error: Opening the cache (%s)
This is the strong rope of God
Font style as a PangoStyle, e.g. PANGO_STYLE_ITALIC
and compressed air comes out,
Because it turned out to be three months.
Well this is one thing you can do about them,
had gotten access to a technology
Sort photos in a descending order
Preview files in the selected operations (without deleting any files)
the biggest terrorist fighting - award
And the Americans: “Ah, he's a knucklehead.
Now to illustrate an aspect of temperament .
I said schools as we know them now, they're obsolete.
Make the Saudis Pay for Terror
Couldn't resolve address for configuration source
mimics an insect, even to us.
The first time he was imprisoned was on 1921
extended buildings and so on -
A human child is born
Well, it's not going to come as any surprise
there were so many former students at her funeral,
Raj Ghat and associated memorials
There he's starting to walk.
%s: Can't fork Xserver process!
Format for network service name
John McCain and Barack Obama, in close discussion.
and said, “Nigel, I've read your book.
unable to serialize profile %s
swaggering, politician, mobile in his hand. “Not possible.”
This is the work of Dr. Bruce Miller.
Robin and I, acting as collaborators,
A loving relationship with rama and his respect towards him
don't ever again complain about quarterly report CEO management.
In the criminal law the situation is somewhat reversed .
We are a country of victims.
And then my dad would drive me on Saturdays
Mark the selected messages as unimportant
in a lovely, small town
Of course you will … ”
but it actually has one great advantage:
that it's sort of fallen into his hat,
The land area is flat.
between the living and the dead.
because the congressional aides who name these things
for its collection of videos,
Will you like all your children? Of course not.
List of Governors of Maharashtra
I used to argue that you couldn't classify these tryptamines
Hence the demand : Quit India .
for instance, this vision here from the early 20th century.
1. it dose not work on a fixed rule
that has been launched all the way to the upper-stratosphere
Then it switches to a deliberate mode,
All are not saints who go to church.
is an extremely huge balloon.
we need to look at learning
“ I don ' t really know .
from the fact that I'm a citizen
and the amount of water that I just mentioned,
The tribal chieftains will appreciate what you do .
Subhas used to call him Mazda
The font description to be used
even in essay writing she had contributed much
He is universal and immortal.
Moti Mosque is in west of 'Hamam'.
May not start or end with a hyphen.
Sachin recieved his education at Sharadashram Vidyamandir.
Leadership matters. Those men are following
with the passenger in its environment.
. In this book he insulted India and Indians
But the reason this is still suspense.
I remember first feeling slight surprise.
Start the selected multi-disk drive
It's a company built in Kenya about seven years ago
and they were constructed for fields that were too large.
A term paper on terrorism and United States of America.
Why do young people take drugs?
Gumbhan: Aukar Joshi's Indian language word-processor.
People were taking shots and photos;
Unable to capture a screenshot
Joe can now live without drugs .
And so this is a pretty weird model, right?
to your doorstep, mounted on a two-wheeler.
He was against calling them holeyas .
Can't do a raw read in g_io_channel_read_line_string
Include all networks created by this client
Port number to use for HTTPS requests.
There are four province in Pakistan:-
when you're in a sealed metal box,
may your future be fortunate
Mark as default task list
rather, public administration expenditure - in Uganda constitute?
into sport because they didn't actually love it;
the cosmic scene investigation, that is, looking at
Most of them come from very optionless families,
Log in as a temporary guest
Shree Ram Charit Manas - Bal Kand
using \C is not supported in language definitions
Not enough memory to load ICO file
There is not enough space.
-LRB- b -RRB- Training and work experience
But I tell you what happened to me.
Cannot create more sessions, session limit was reached
Mother went into a coma.
Shri Mahila Griha Udyog Lijjat Papad
even for a slapstick joke,
Subhashbabu expressed his ire about this subject to Hitler.
156 nations carry our television channel.
Barbie: The Princess and the Popstar
xprop failed to determine process ID of the window
“You know, you've been here for a few hours
and, obviously, there's a limited market for tea.
Or are there contexts where we're far better off
The history of India Mahabharata
but I offered the suggestion
A reading list is available .
He let go of her hand and she fell .
scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Whether the secondary icon is activatable
And they decided in 1990
The current position holds a '%s' and not a value
The Rime of the Ancient Mariner
.Smoke and Carbon monoxide procuced by the wild fires .
Take the bread. Take it home.
The HTML language uses tags.
that a lot of people might say
Or there may be a slight infection .
It's inversely proportional to R.
If we don't, we won't achieve the success we want.
with you and with I, and so on,
You are not allowed to change your own permissions!
Depending on your MoMoLight hardware choose 3 or 4 channels
Omnibox input may be logged
Capitalization style set to spell.
She gritted her teeth and kept quiet .
Perform or update the search
On what must this unity be based ?
Active devices for the RAID0 array:
%s: Could not make FIFO
Failed to rename %s to %s
Approximately 5,000 miles from Delhi
So it took me from places like Chile -
and it made somewhat better pictures.
%s does not support creating remote resources
Now if you don't know what hypomania is,
Authorizing in browser (Press to reset connection)
operates as Paul Hawken said,
Can't handle version %d of GEmblemedIcon encoding
TreeModel column containing the row span values
We took a look at her, we laughed, we cried,
Because they weren't tracking where the kids were before that.
And what could go wrong?
Coal was cheap and readily available .
History of Akbar on Kasba.
into that meta-verse, using everybody else's photos,
Festival (read to speech)- Festival- Hindi's Read-to-Conversation Program (download)
He got a lot of disciples there.
take a look at the training and qualifications you'll need
So what did they do?
The Protection from Eviction Act 1977 2
Streets in markets are also decorated with golden flags.
The text for the child label
When the scientific method provided that new way of thinking
After this only Marathi films started.
Islamic history of Indian territory
That pulls in more material and pulls in more material.
Keep current partition layout and configure LVM?
Different schemes to suit your circumstances
The manager that created this data
No more room in record file
And I felt him to be more fragile still .
but I was expected to perform
Make Google Chrome the default browser
Blocked attempt %{BEGIN_LINK} to visit a page on %{DOMAIN}%{END_LINK}.
Some people question, “Why is it in black and white?
List of human habitation forms
they would show you the way to the insane asylum.
Visible reality is: Look, Action
Optimism is sometimes characterized as a belief, an intellectual posture.
there in the Middle East,
Each tank costs Rs 14-20 crore .
Invert Y axis for pointer movement
Start mail input; end with <CRLF>.<CRLF>
all the peoples are blessed by lord krishna
It's actually been pretty interesting.
1783 Montgolfier brothers' hot air balloon
See pages 42-43. <s> Who can help?
Ask if %{HOST} wants to access your camera and microphone
to find intergalactic objects from planet Krypton,
and basically said, “When are you going to wake up
wearing it is by pretending
Kids already do a lot of learning from adults,
The film had nothing going for it .
and most successful effort so far,
and either actively endorsed or passively accepted
Nearly up-to-date! Restart your device to finish updating.
Knight Rider (1982 TV series)
and even this very planet.
the simplest function that he could think of
ethical dilemma and value conflicts and management research,
Can anyone use the HACCP system ?
Daily Navjyoti - Hindi daily from Rajsthan (Unicoded)
So by matching color, contrast and brightness
Now, it's not just a funny headline.
We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope.
that if you couldn't explain something simply
And somewhere in the middle of South Dakota,
One has to discover a certain bigness in oneself.
from Ethiopia to Turkey to U.S. to wherever.
So here, the robot is not only solving the problem,
Communicate with cooperating native applications
that it's okay to promote equality,
is a factor (May)who gave support for terrorism
Quran was such a book that brought forth a revolution.
%s: Could not open ~/.xsession-errors
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem
not to engage in any form of corruption.
that something's expected of us.
Arbitration is often done in writing .
Searcheses on research articles in Indian Universities based on Sanskrit.
PIPA and SOPA are nuclear
Could not create directory %s: %s
and the taxes that was owed on them
mahadevi is a good writer
I think there are ways -
would receive an education, including his daughters,
Only accept keys held for:
is a mother holding healthy baby
You just tip your hand.
the no-border effect benchmark, which would imply
Please insert a writable CD.
I love you because . . . ”
Mailbox '%s' is full, no new messages will be received.
It did not lack courage .
India at the 1952 Summer Olympics
that this separation is within acceptable levels.
love and passionate about classical music,
And it was deposited by the great mother Earth,
4)It is considered the divine language.
“Achilles was a man who could shape history,
Taurat which was gifted to Musa
Other help you could get
If you can't make a mistake, you can't make anything.
He was also lusty towards Durgawati, the queen of Gondwana
If you can't excel with talent, triumph with effort.
Air India Express Flight 812
The objective is to obtain the same total amount.
Can't change size of file (Errcode: %d)
every state has a vidhan saba
In Punjab , the Unionist Party obtained clear majority .
Control how new windows get focus
Raise your hand if you do. Oh, wow.
Error return with empty body
and you also find a computer program,
Now, in motor racing, we're all a little bit ambitious,
are out in the community colleges.
What further infamy , what greater betrayal is afoot ?
Enrolling the device. Please wait...
Width of process 'SELinux Security Context' column
but rather to provide opportunities for all Bogatanos to participate
It will bring all of your family together.
that we've just blocked viruses in Sweden and Taiwan
GSM Modem's SIM PUK required
Taking care of yourself while you are pregnant
Y coordinate of the bargraph.
He was the sixth incarnation of Lord Vishnu.
View the files opened by a process
Tar compressed with lzop (.tar.lzo)
And I'd like to share a few things
that one day we can move this child
Abololo - of course a nickname -
the same desire for freedom.
List of airports by IATA code: I
these kind of events are happening
depends on your internal capacity.
Invalid email address trace information: %s
in Paris for the first time
IV must be an even number of bytes in length.
and they adapted it for Ethiopia.
Enable alphanumeric and punctuation keys
leopard / spots | tiger
button / push | key
These profundities are of course beyond controversy .
of knowledge of people without attributing them
During Roza,all types of foods and drinks are prohibited.
Are we going to talk to Pakistan directly ?
They also got support from indian muslims
Default height for image preview.
Selling a car with a false mileage is illegal .
where we don't drive as much and so on.
Do you really want to remove the '%s' synchronization service?
And I asked them to do a project together,
is now in the position of having to decide
and gets us all released.
International development of modern Hindi
U.S. Embassy Baghdad under construction.
FN: Really make a fully integrated product, something beautiful.
Because India has been an open society for millennia.
is that feeling and reality get out of whack,
take this opportunity to fire everyone, start all over again.
After Justin was given anti-seizure medication,
Subhas Chandra Bose reached Singapore on 2 July 1943 .
Disable end of line symbol
is try to figure out the direction of writing.
or as fair, high-bosomed virgins.
There was unanimity in the panel .
one hour of broadband time,
If the government's fiscal survival
Applied effect: %s %.1f dB
High milk-yielders will need an extra concentrate feed .
I was not allowed to speak with anyone.
but continue to nurse ambition?
Antibiotics are not used for viral meningitis .
It was designed some 150 years ago.
Uninstalled schema ‘%s' from locale ‘%s'
they have a strong sense of love and belonging -
In 1995, the city was renamed as 'Mumbai“”.
Evolution's local mail format has changed.
Ravan arouse Kumbhkarn for the battle.
Click to change your nickname
Some sadmples are seen on the lower walls.
in Egypt, in Syria, in Libya,
So, the great thing about 2006 is
Nonsense. You can't have it all. You can't.
Disable dynamic contrast if your display has this feature.
Do not smoke anywhere near the baby .
property value '%s' is empty or too long (>64)
Authentication is required on %s
reverse the progression of prostate cancer by
I got a call from a friend in Phoenix.
Input Level (Click to monitor.)
So to me it felt like photography was more about
You may have noticed it
Input value for private key must exist.
How to find out more.
But now there's this third co-evolutionary force: algorithms -
<b>%s</b> wishes to add to an existing meeting:
What has happened in Spain ?
we empowered 100,000 children to say, “I can.”
Beating them is not impossible , ” she says .
had had their computers infected dozens of times
Failed to rename %s.new to %s
Harivanshrai Bachchan (in English Wikipedia)
that the High Line is going to ring around.
like the period at the end of a sentence.
where there's a piece of electronics and explosives
Give you one example of that:
That saves power , time , labour and cost .
The padding to insert at the top of the widget.
was born on 30th january 1790 at varanasi.
This means that one donor can help many other patients.
these are dynamic living peoples
We live in a vulnerable world.
Connect to the system bus
Barrak hussain Obama(born:4august,1961) was America's 44th president.
Companies like mobile phone operators
Get the long doc string for a key
art / gallery | drama
There was an error getting information about the destination.
Advance live region politeness setting.
scientist divided quran in two types
Voice of Monkey island (1968)
Hold the job until it is explicitly released
First, soon, and then a lot.
Nepal is situated to North-East of Uttar Pradesh.
I don't think that this transdisciplinary discourse
. Shantanu was descendant of kuru.
Which had a collection of 125,000 worods
Last November 2012, over 33,000 runners
Windows that should wobble when moved
How is it possible? They don't know anything.”
I'm going to call that “robust human rejuvenation.” OK.
Ramanuja was a man of liberal outlook .
It's 3D CGI, which is going to be very high-quality,
and it's centered right in the United States.
and I'm here to tell you
This makes me feel so proud, so important,
Many crops were taken to new places and sowed.
I like my misfortunes to be taken seriously .
India didn't want to play the T20 World Cup.
“ He was right .
And this map is also accurate.
Initial character width is Full
General Knoledge and Science of Quality of Urban air.
its ability to harm the United States
There are also some manthras in pros form for 'hothruvargh'
and prove to you that the seemingly impossible is possible.
Computers have transformed analysis of the groupings of organisms .
Error looking up artist %s on jamendo.com
HTTP proxy information (blank for none):
They will mostly survive long enough to receive improved treatments
Choose the CSV file to upload:
Show all packages with their status
This engine, well, it's driven
Coordinate expression was empty or not understood
The boy smiled , and continued digging .
Indian sea boundary is 4516.6kmlong.
“After what I just told you?”
not only think in three dimensions,
The party must emphasise it . ”
3 . Use your eyes and ears
Could not remove the source folder.
After that it again went to Greeko-Bectirian rule.
trying to figure out what's going on over here.
Libvirt version does not support video devices.
&Beep on completion of longer activities
In pretty much every episode of this cartoon,
So let me just leave you
And includes the following files:
and the British built a lot of railways in India.
Disable your extensions and then %{BEGIN_LINK}reload%{END_LINK} this webpage.
I think the best thing is think about cases
Failed to spawn SpamAssassin (%s):
Cannot overwrite existing file “%s”
Unidev: A Tool for changing font from Mangal to Kritidev.
have to somehow understand that history
every country green house gas emissions land us change
Display HTML version of multipart/alternative message
Now, they differ a great deal
Seeing his mother so upset made Joe angry .
Imagine if they were given Ritalin.
Unable to trash file: %s
with a little shoot just like a designer cap,
Could not save the file “{0}”
Then he saw that she had no eyes .
For people on a low income
when President Obama signed off on a surge,
but then gandhiji made him prime minester of india
The word of Indian language of Onkar Joshi.
When a user tries to view or control your desktop:
So this was how it came into my service,
And then we focused on village girls that we recruited,
Idle cattle require about 22 litres a day .
University of California, Los Angeles
Hanuman destroyed Ashokavadika and killed Ravana's son Akshya Kumar.
had broken into the first projects of Paris.
He is the proof for the worlds existence.
as the children who have electricity at home.
And we are operating with a comprehensive urban planning deficit.
Sanskrit was a means of Buddh preaching
.NASA donated a super computer named Kalpana.
But he was still worrying .
Make sure another application is not using it
Custodians can also allow this site.
It was actually really inspiring
Missing <frame state=“%s” resize=“%s” focus=“%s” style=“whatever”/>
Unable to move user data files
Error: Unable to find required library “PyYAML”.
And she wakes up, and she looks down at herself,
Why have we got 130,000 troops on the ground?
free, open source, cross-platform software for recording and editing sounds<br>
Forced Y position of the actor
%{TITLE} is using your camera.
And it took about a year.
He was also incarcerated in the Cellular Jail .
Whether the status icon is embedded
How to apply see page 30.
Boy: Oh, it's because this needs to be like this,
Let me wrap it up.
%s: %d: Directory or file exists
But indeed, that is exactly what we do.
Template:Football in the United Kingdom
When this day comes, only the God knows precisely.
Uninaagari: Devnagari typwriter without frills.
Could not create new connection
(Although many Muslims consider this Khilafat as illegal.
Reload this page, hold to see more options
I love the way that they'll stare slack-jawed
and diversify - and there are so many opportunities
Convenience to Man (Giver)☻☻☻☻☺Inconvenience to Man (Giver)☺Joy to Man (Giver)☻☻☻☻
You must supply a password for this saved session.
Element <%s> is not allowed below <%s>
Sort file list by file size
that there might be potential for additional gains
urban planning was set up to reduce pollution
Set to True to enable the plugin to manage xsettings.
I beg to move , Sir ,
General Liberation and Development Party
Is the insect then moved only by instinct ?
Whether or not to give the color an alpha value
“When I have finished the formation of Adam from clay,
Error: id or uuid has to be specified.
Died on 14th January 1937 in Varanasi.
so we do the whole thing on back roads
India claims, its' boarder is spread up to Afghanistan.
No existing file system was detected in this partition.
I think it was good advice.
Could not create folder '%s': %s
The intake of vitamin C is satisfactory.
“ You ' re crying ? ”
Indian Institute of Technology Delhi
And it's just wonderful to see these glimmers
is that we're writing things,
to “to be greater than another.”
There are no 72 virgins
They have to try and attract pollinators
rishi mahabhaarth was conveyed by ssood
This next artist, N.S. Harsha,
Speaks the current flat review character.
There are many long rivers in India.
We seek no narrow nationalism .
You can judge this old rat .
My father was a professor.
Mullah Do Piazo was Akbar's advisor|
Shots , boots kicking down doors .
You are logged into YouTube as %s.
Press %s to exit fullscreen
I was doing graffiti -
Mountain Time - Alberta, east British Columbia & west Saskatchewan
Whether Undo operation is possible
Here he lays down the basis of his patriotism .
One is called SOPA, the other is called PIPA.
we found evidence that, in fact,
because you know that if everything were free,
Copy tracks from an audio CD with all associated information
GNOME Settings Daemon Color Plugin
POP3 server for %s on %s
And you can see, this LED is going to glow.
Create a copy of this CD or DVD disc
Punctuation level set to all.
List of Indian inventions and discoveries
Whether the main stage is fullscreen
They will often advise on everyday shopping problems .
WHAT'S IN IT FOR ME ?
Maybe not in one year. That's the beginning.
which existed 4,000 years ago.
Yayati gave birth to Puru.
The lasers scan the environment to detect obstacles -
Rural to urban migration meant that newfound industrial materials
I wondered, how am I going to take this group
Could not parse HTTP request
The world was a lot simpler then .
Feynman said, “Forget all of that.
and then following it up and trying to understand it.
The maximum width of the cell, in characters
The following paragraphs explain the process more fully :
Gradually , the proportion of rupee capital substantially increased .
The first ever settlements of humans date 9000 years back.
Convert mail messages to Unicode
<a href=“http://www.di.fm/premium/”>Upgrade to Premium now</a>
Could you do it to anyone ?
There are , however , no beggars !
And who knows? Somebody will license this technology
The two smallest ones lack the prastara part .
The direction is towards the people .
Bharavi was almost a contemporary of Kalidasa .
The Clock displays the current time and date
Chrome cannot download this wallpaper.
So when you hear about corruption,
as the product of educational self-organization.
Please enter the following PIN on '%s':
Whether the tab is reorderable by user action or not
And this really is something
Hindi-Urdu transliteration (Punjab University, Patiala)
from the punishments of my cancer,
Those regal robes fit her nicely .
The Government wants consumers to have a powerful voice.
This was shot with a throw-away Kodak Instamatic camera.
When is the right time for braces ?
Or write to us at:
Composition of various Muslim kingdoms and modern Islam
And by 1980, the last train rode.
and he had to tour the world speaking
Kokani/ Goanese ( From Kokan or Goa region)
I just really wanted to acknowledge you.
BMAC challenges the notification .
formerly known as the Lome Convention,
through which we move people
Where can I get more information ?
The closer two people are, in age, in background,
Please enter the 8-digit PIN Unlocking Key provided by $1%{CARRIERID}.
On 28-11-2007 CNN's You Tube's Republican Debate(2007-11-28)
The password is too short.
raipur,chhatisgarh related information, newspaper and directory
Depending on which justice he has been Rnieony
I thought of sticky notes.
the goal was to connect these two worlds seamlessly.
almost to the point of disinheritance,
Not installing to unclean target
The alpha used by the animation
The vertical text alignment, from 0 (top) to 1 (bottom).
No book handy ? Do n't worry !
In Hindi 3 type literature
that is projected in front of him.
daemon gave erroneous reply: %s
Attribute value must be non-NULL
well, everything that can be taught
Ennahda leader Rachid Ghannouchi, caught on video.
Choose the GnomeUIInfo stock item
Go back to the menu and resume partitioning?
This group uses three, one each.
in the peak of the Siberian winter.
The '%s' driver cannot be used with printer '%s %s'.
Are you sure you want to reboot '%s'?
and say, “You can,” then they will.
And even if I'm wrong about those two things,
Before intercourse romance / love is shown by humans
in terms of GDP growth
London 's history provides a classic example .
Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles
nothing lasts forever in India, not even death.
rather than because of it.
The Subhash group is far from happy .
1. Poor transport contributes to social exclusion in two ways.
They see no reason to do this.
Unique identifier of the device
SPECIAL BOOT PARAMETERS - OVERVIEW
Why have a literacy hour ?
Error seeking in file: %s
For reading and storing mail on IMAP servers.
How can I get a housing association home? 7
When renaming a linked note:
is never fully specified in the bills -
Style of bevel around the contents
Baap Numbri Beta Dus Numbri
one of the applied sections or chapters of the koran
Now here's what we know about how adult consciousness works.
Failed to create directory %s/mime-info.
last govt of dependent India
You should give exactly one file name
that can act on behalf of all of us?
An XML string describing the merged UI
Nevar community use their special type of Nevar-like customs.
So, when we have these calls for proposals,
using business models where, as Steven Levitt would say,
I'd like to take you to another world.
2)Yajurveda-It is a collection for poojas and prayers for 'advaryavargh'.
it was about two hours outside of the city.
Are you sure you want to delete this contact list?
It needs people like ourselves to admit
in Indian hands, in India.
They were his treasure .
All default values meet consistency standards
The life of Mahadevi was like an ascetic.
Tagore's music can not be separated from his literature.
Cannot rename MAPI folder ‘%s'. Folder does not exist.
The second one is the labor policies that we have,
He ' d rather run away from home .
Retirement Pension is made up of the following:
But, when it encounters a very extreme terrain,
The services your council may provide.
unrecognized character after (? or (?-
it's also inspired, I think, a lot of great architecture.
Width of process 'Session' column
after her husband's death her devoutness increased day by day.
Engine The most worrying aspect of the project .
Ibne Sina is called the father of modern medicine
Faizy was (1546-1596) the brother of Fazal.
that infrastructures are not as important as many people believe,
1 in 8000 -LRB- children under 2 -RRB-
I'm not asking you all to become Mahatma Gandhis
I started putting myself in a better mood.
DARwIn also has a lot of other talents.
itself against the best in the world,
A Rs 100-crore road-widening project is on the anvil .
I think that, in fact, we can have cities
in the hands of a commercial corporation.
Modules loaded into Google Chrome
And not just some hardline dictates from the top .
developing whole new sustainable neighborhoods,
The method to use to edit this button
It suggests how government could work better -
It's manipulation, but it can work.
Your connection to %{DOMAIN} is encrypted with %{BITCOUNT}-bit encryption.
Unable to launch %s: %s
is just the number that moves up or down
Numbers with pairs of dice
This signature has been changed, but has not been saved.
Thus his team decided to target such policies.
Map during the days of mahabharata
the place is arround 603 kmsq(233sq mi)
Can not start fallback console
We've slightly lost the habit of doing that.
when I see the students in my school
View/ReplyTo menu item is checked.
The upper side angle is normal one.
exposed to Mandarin for 12 sessions.
That's a Siemens S7-400 PLC,
and we get our robots to do that.
Well the wrong side of her body is in bandages
on the one hand, this woody liana
Whether to delete processed iTip objects
have something which is specific for her,
forget it, to get to the health care center.
Use “via @nick” instead of &#x267A;
No results found for %s.
You might be using a different display manager.
this Story is fully of the devotional of the god.
Show unsupported packages on this machine
War of the Third Coalition
Do you really want to add “%s” to the selection?
and was holding her and feeding her
And Dick became convinced at some point
This event has been changed.
The trees must be saved at all cost .
Human-readable name of the profile
This “18 minutes” business, I find quite fascinating.
house's condition was too bad.
Zarkan -LRB- p.5 -RRB- .
I'm working a lot with motion and animation,
So it is better, it is safer;
Is the mileage guaranteed ?
There have been no meetings in the selected term.
is to never make any mistakes.
but apparently nature knew how to do at the beginning.
You can download it or make a link to it.
so that they can make their own choices.
Madan Mohan Malaviya Engineering College
115.117.166.110 96:40,12may 2010(UTC)assembled lesson is here
Continue allowing %{HOST} to access your camera and microphone
And the Wolfram stuff I was taking
return streaming movie to real time
He was the contemporary of Sikander Lodhi.
Depth of insertion and movement of insertion
Could not delete network “{0}”
“Yeah, but what about Facebook?”
you have to fake it and make it.
It brings to mind a headline I saw recently:
And so they broke his commands in secret .
It was the second civil war of Islam.
but I push you to consider the option of
Thus , the pressure of population on land increased .
biotechnology and pharmacology into an information technology,
Stamp of Uttar Pradesh state
Am I entitled to a written tenancy agreement ?
Type of message, '%s', does not match expected type '%s'
Abu-Al- ' Abbas Aleranshahri -LRB- p.5 -RRB- .
No <drawops> called “%s” has been defined
“ The results were hair-raising . ”
Aur Bhi Gham Hain Zamane Mein
can't write buffer '%s' to disk.
The community created an alternative transportation plan
Business news - they are available in internet.
There's nothing more to it than that.
field '%s' has to be alone
forward and backward. It's called ChIMERA.
people to submit prisoner's dilemma strategies and discovered,
Remote login disabled Same as Local
Please enter the passkey for “%{DEVICENAME}”:
Flag of the Marshall Islands
Create application shortcuts in the following places:
Now let me take you back to Parol.
victims of filistin violence and terrorism after September 2000
Our inquiries were considered irrelevant and impertinent .
She had made sketches too.
The task could not be deleted because permission was denied
we get this, the strong form of the knot.
So his perception of your emotional states
Please ask your system administrator to enable this feature.
A graphical frontend for Hamachi.
In summary, instead of our students
They picked up these photographs from the forest floor,
Sleep is the best meditation.
to step into their shoes
Many people enjoy drink .
Dock the editor into the main window
we thought of people as a burden.
if we could focus as a community
Indian Council of Forestry Research and Education
Kathiawari horses look elegant , shapely and majestic .
So, no matter what he did,
They want to make people live in fear.
Source stream returned no data
and they all nodded their head, except for Gaudence,
And we were supposed to fit into roles
pause - give her time to work it out ;
that we are truly the authors of our own ambitions.
Category: Cities of Uttar Pradesh
And I'm touched, so that tears come to my eyes.
There are ten thousand verses in the VamanaPuran.
Anthve dashak ki pratinidhi shresth Kavitayen (1982)
So what happens for adults
both the party's army strength was 18 aksouhni
Child process stopped by signal %ld
There's a discrepancy in what's happening today
Unsupported flags encountered when constructing a client-side connection
of empowering someone in this way.
The %{ADAPTERNAME} adapter was not enabled.
in Sendai shortly after the earthquake.
Save Compressed Copy of Project...
An opening ceremony to match every other.
Minimum value for array(multi-flexible) question type
Value of '%s' out of range
then I think you'll live a life
CNN from the United States.
And because many of our governments are quite dictatorial,
they typically use words like “discovered”
The user declined to authenticate
Use level db for drive metadata storage.
%s: %s is writable by other.
Resulting GIF image has zero size
How to claim see page 30 .
to all this relevant information
1857 mutiny later British army controlled Lalakila
One or more uploaded files do not satisfy the criteria
2. Banking Services Employment Amendment Act 1978
The GtkPrinter which is selected
Invalid return value from queryinfo
They were uploading it to QQ, China's largest Internet service.
she rejected all kinds of luxories and followed her husband
This includes money for new books for primary schools .
so that I can see the world clearly.
Failed to start provider %s.
was to be established near Ghazni,
to a narrow segment of society.
they were the ones who caused the climate change.
she said, “What would I fear
I don't think these doctrines are right.
South Africa national cricket team
usually if anyone got a patent or an invention,
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (film)
Rahat Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan
and fostering the culture of innovation.
Two or more components of a formal organization
Bharat Operating System Solution (BOSS)
L - only in Sanskrit (long L)
Width of process 'X server memory' column
Error opening nonce file '%s': %s
Please choose *at most* %s answers:
whenever life deals you a blow,
Star Life with Kalpna Chawla by Gurdeep Pandher
Three more mines were opened between 1840 and 1854 .
So we spoke and we heard some
which sounds like a very nice committee.
More information about media plugins
but myself and my sisters, if they start using that,
In this some are harmful.
Not allowed to set owner
This change will take effect after the next guest shutdown.
his hunted breath whistled in his lungs .
This announcement do with the respect of president.
Could not store folder: %s
Dr. B. R. Ambedkar National Institute of Technology Jalandhar
Inspite of this kabeer maintained a familiar relationship with ram
Show memo preview below the memo list
- William Frederick Halsy, Jr
that we rarely access, that few people access.
Help with the cost of things for a new baby
rahengold,howard,smart mobile:next social revolution,2002 ISBN 0-7382-0861-2
He creates these fine, delicate images
No writable calendar is available.
Because I'm seeing a lot of these geeky nerdy kids,
Failed to modify file times for '%s'
From time to time, the school would suddenly be canceled
Only speak changed lines during find
The gap depends upon your local health authority.
1996 Great American Insurance ATP Championships - Doubles
and what the people felt when they saw those photos.
but love in general, respect,
so the system needs to perceive the environment
Trust this CA to identify email users.
Teach your child to be a good passenger .
Want to help improve Chrome Remote Desktop? %{LINK_BEGIN}Take the survey.%{LINK_END}
With a thousand Juliáns working together,
Most of the Himalayan highest peaks can be found here.
An Unknown type of setting was found!
Incomplete server response: no information provided for message %d
WHAT WILL I EARN ?
Directory for saving mail component files.
This whole page was, again,
maybe once in your life.
the beauty of taj is on the above made dome
they believe that we are in severe need of assistance.
What we have here is a list of old viruses.
removing stale lockfile (created by %d)
A graphical frontend for Hamachi.
And everything that everybody is talking about today
Your connection to %{DOMAIN} is encrypted with weak encryption.
It,s subject distribution is favor of central.
Which side of the notebook holds the tabs
that the opposite may also be true.
Some of the favorite services of Google are
Navabharath Times is one of the popular Hindi news paper|
And we can go here
Can't read from inflate stream: %s
that it just may be a gift.
Number of retry attempts to spin up
next year, so wish us luck.
Getting knowledge shopuld also seek by beleiving it firmly.
to the Justice League of America.
Assert: 'hat rule' returned NULL.
But instead, I found a country
Like that, I never chased Mahalakshmi.
But vitthal bhai patel died.
An error occurred while deleting files from the archive.
Sorry, something went wrong. Your payment has been cancelled.
as an assemblage of little particles -
He is the first black(afro-american)president.
The Man with the Golden Gun (film)
helpful system for English to Hindi translation(online)
Please communicate this name to your support representative.
is from plants that use the wind
[URL tool or provider name]
Allow notifications on these sites
this is of course out of the hardcore desert area.
You can decide who that will be.
[... is easy to overcome]
2.6 Family Liaison Officers were appointed promptly.
Sign in to this site as: %{EMAILADDRESS}
Eastern Time - Pangnirtung, Nunavut
And so this approach holds
in hindi verses of quran
It will let you down less.
worked hard every day, understood what suffering was,
The list of available activities is :
Well, traditional definition is an organism
So from day one, the people involved in the project,
maybe I saw a honey bee
So be careful later on.
3 ) determine critical control points
Works of a prime minister
Chitrangada and Vichitravirya were born to Shantanu through Satyavati.
Width of process 'CPU Time' column
Lu - Only in Sanskrit.
I was born in Mexico, I grew up in Mexico
So I found a therapist.
What should I know before deciding ?
I applied to seven art schools
and it will make a lot of people nervous
But, it's all taking place in an open society,
The text of the label
And back here in the United States,
to innovators outside the traditional medical prosthetic community
One large source of information about Dr. Harivansh Rai Bachchan
The bubbles are the countries.
Rekha With Bacchan in Silsila.
Fresh high-resolution timers available! Bon appetit!
Do people love their daughters
Error getting page size: %m
just to get the permits,
that we never got to know each other as adults.
There are may rivers,lakes and canals.
Department of Trade and Industry
Make it my default browser
Discussions in context of Munshi
to build a map of the environment.
This will depend on the complexity of your complaint.
fish / aquarium | monkey
No Hindi Text Provided Here
Hate the sin, love the sinner.
which seems to me a far more appealing prospect
And so with patient capital from Acumen and other organizations,
Unable to lock the download directory
He told her about the morning ' s meeting .
'%s' contains invalid char(s) (use [A-Za-z.-])
Do you want to run “%s”, or display its contents?
Zoom in on selected object
I ' ve thought about it a lot .
Number of errors corrected by software ECC
to shift from being an object you look at
Hinduwiki.com-one wiki mesh-page related to Hindu Religion.
Teach the main points of the Green Cross Code:
“ Of course … ” she repeated softly .
most of the text that we have are extremely short.
And in fact, we did sometimes do physics together.
just look at your Indian people around here,
List of universities in India
The villagers came to investigate the fire.
and it's not going to be on the road
Check for new messages every
The following method of detection is effective :
don't believe a word of it.
Fax : 0114 259 3776
It is mainly used to indicate gender .
Constitution's parliamentary representation is also available whose contents are controversial.
They said, “Why have you put it there?”
AT THERE HE MEAT WITH VALLABHAACHARYA AND BECOME HIS STUDENT
Kaikaiyee also repented her deeds.
Modify contact failed with HTTP status %d (%s)
6. Permission for withdrawal from reserved funds.
%{FILENAME} - Unknown file type.
Yoga without Desire- Mahatma Gandhi
<span size='large' color='white'>Clone virtual machine</span>
Mon, Oct 00 0000 at 00:00 PM
to nephews and nieces around the world as an email.
Pause and resume a game
List of airports by IATA code: X
Error saving {0} to {1}: {2}
Your council can tell you how to get in touch.
The GtkAdjustment for the vertical position
Are you sure you want to quit Unknown Horizons?
M.T.N.L. is the city's biggest Landline Phone service provider.
The signature is bad or corrupted
I felt like anyone could do that.
the real one was cricket.
Copy operation failed, unexpected error: $1
you see, his whole face changes.
Nawabs of Bengal and Murshidabad
This is not recommended for untrusted public networks.
Execute a shell in the installer environment
Not allowed! Try again !
namely, leaving aging as it is?
File error when reading QTIF atom: %s
Parsed value '%s' is not a valid D-Bus signature
not just do 50 stomach crunches.
Width of process 'arguments' column
Keyboard shortcut to paste text
Don't restart the login manager after the execution
about my connection with Feynman,
The PIN for this computer is being updated…
from the fort of agra tajmahal is viewed
List of Bollywood films of the 1980s
To combine engineering and design and ...
Large families still, and the HIV epidemic
to innovate and try again.
On 25 July he was taken to Calcutta .
The eggs weigh nearly 85 grams each .
that people give for aging.
Effect on solar luminosity change the green house gas.
Done. Test your survey using the %s icon.
There is provision for nominated members in Rajyashabha.
of stabilized slide-show or panoramic imaging,
The own their success. But they also own their failure.
<span weight=“bold” size=“larger”>Mark additional required changes?</span>
There are examples of this kind of action in Mexico.
disciplines. In biology, the notions of symbiosis,
It cannot be consciously a contributor.
Jambavanth inspired Hanuman to fly over the sea|
And because the size of the network,
Try again to mount the CD-ROM?
Allow users to change fonts and colors of plain greeter
Different colors, butterflies and insects are also found here
The default Serif font family used to display text.
You need to configure Hamachi before you can connect.
and people would pay that because it multiplied up.
Chennai Mass Rapid Transit System
In mumbai Local Indians Celebrates other festivals alongwith Indian Festivals.
The cell which is currently being edited
which is an idea racist in its simplicity,
make a full range of facial expressions, understand speech
So this is a very early prototype.
Thank you so much for coming.
Print the title of current track
Premchand was earlier known as Munshi Premchand.
because they repeat over and over again,
FFmpeg support not compiled in
CA: Based on the people we've seen at TED,
Models eventually fade into the background.
You need to configure Hamachi before you can connect.
This language is currently in use for displaying %{PRODUCTNAME}.
But as a campaigner and investigator,
that happens in early years.
Chromium OS is made possible by additional %{BEGIN_LINK_CROS_OSS}open source software%{END_LINK_CROS_OSS}.
Let us think about that.”
which is what happens in a lot of society.
The first operator is {0}.
the room would be very crowded.
Business Team 4 -LRB- Employers O-R -RRB-
Do you know enough about drugs ?
If you close this window, the downloads will be cancelled
Begin by brushing the outside of the front teeth .
This collection was the evidence of her national interest.
I think we need a polycentric model of development,
Representations can be made to them about planning applications.
LILO installation failed. Continue anyway?
WHAT ARE THE OPTIONS ? 10
The early Mughal emperors of the architecture is a monument
Document Viewer. Using poppler %s (%s)
In fact, this guy drives
They've ignored the possibility of harmonious disagreement.
Click and drag to select audio
Sanmukham Chetty -LRB- 19 January 1931 -RRB-
Quite simply we cannot afford this any more .
Keep icons sorted by name in rows
is the same as the Philippines.
Specifies quality setting for images captured if scaling up.
Choose a MH mail directory
Always check for new mail in this folder
So let's start with the data.
in eight Israeli and Palestinian cities
Arnayak: (Description on the reason behind performing last human rites)
Hindustan Ki Kasam (1999 film)
can contribute to our collective well-being.
More so, I became very interested,
but I very much appreciate
It is compliant. You can actually change the force,
where we can extend services and products
It also makes for good bedside reading .
But because it's an escape from the human anthill.
Ramayana, Mahabharata and Purana are written in Sanskrit Poetry.
There could be nothing more wrong than
Simple translation of Shrimad Bhagwatgeeta
If you then wanted to connect to another city,
Is this an unreasonable demand ?
Whether we should smooth the history data
He would be harsh towards those who ill-treated others .
One or more disks cannot be cloned or shared.
the large majority of men,
How numerous are insects ?
Services for people with learning disabilities
Eject the medium in the drive
DO SOMETHING YOU LOVE FOR A LIVING
{0} joined the network {1}
What can I do to help?
Load Theme Cache At Startup
where you can organize such TED conferences anytime.
Vary first time he had six month jail in 1921.
Maybe she didn ' t even remember him .
And server farms, or data centers
Mahadevi was very influenced by Bodh religion.
He gave a talk about how education
and share more with one another.
Thinking of starting work ?
GNOME Magnifier without Screen Reader
And it's a very hard line to make.
So feeling is based on our intuition.
Cannot find folder in a local cache
So we have to have a change in consciousness.
from being in curricula in universities and schools to -
for almost 20 years now.
There's a prophesy. You have to save the world.”
It was simple and effective .
There are Disability Employment Advisers for people with a disability
Because she was happy she was generous .
The largest telecommunication provider for the city is MTNL.
The image could not be created at the specified location
When we're told that banking is a very respectable profession
Whether this tag affects the font size
to encourage responsible businesses to follow good practice
Open link in new &window
Just so , you might say to them :
an 18 month boy in Bihar,
having the teacher walk around,
“ No I won ' t , so there !
The Sioux Indians did not stop being Sioux
Learn How To Search For Tasks
The best way to help Africans today
Local Authority and Health Services .
Well, I said to her,
and playing a pong game inside the train
This robot is called CLIMBeR:
Mumbai North East (Lok Sabha constituency)
Any puckering or dimpling of the skin .
The time it takes to load a web page
background texture could not be created from file
Got error “%s” from server
If you delay you may lose benefit .
.this place description is clear
This aligns the borders of the dome at the crest.
but as you have seen
which allows you to transmit electrical energy or data.
Whether to highlight syntax in the buffer
Do you want to activate Sticky Keys?
“ Look ! ” he said .
These are clearly biblical archetypes,
If you said to a modern liberal individualist,
and take baby steps into the future.
And they are brought inside
Are you sure you want to delete this contact?
This includes things that are sometimes called payment in kind.
I've been doing this for the last 15 years.
to Bob Marley to their grandfathers.
Are you sure you want to delete this password?
but he never told the son.
who can play a constructive role.
Grown-ups are like that …
and decided to read them side-by-side,
Focus behind the lake foot path
I no longer try to be right;
because now it was once and forever.
And nobody is working on developing their interest
Sometimes , their caravan met with another .
Automatically manage offline status with NetworkManager
- is likely to become the killer app
But can you reconcile that?
On a bus or train trip
Kavitawali, publisher and printer : Geeta Press, Gorakhpur.
GL16 Help with your rent
trying to convince you to ignore a model
Task preview pane position (vertical)
So we need to design a future for learning.
She 's nice , but with Amazonic proportions .
Proxying over a non-TCP connection is not supported.
If you want a friend , tame me … ”
Firstly, because I'm the one who's going to say it.
Can I bring anyone else to support my case ?
and he's in San Quentin State Prison.
they should definitely learn calculus
The cows possess good milk-yielding capacity .
to paying structure of public expenditure.
to make your brain grow new brain cells.
Cannot send message: service not connected.
Failed to load the calendar '%s'
and you said, “I've come here
politics doesn't seem to escape people like me.
So then I did my drawing over once more .
When to show number of items in a folder
Outlook Express 5/6 personal folders (.dbx)
That includes the letter to the home minister .
That is our bounden duty .
grassroots mobilization, television ads, Internet ads,
Foreign travel of story of Rama.
And of course, we human beings
Michael J. Nelson from Mystery Science Theater
I once built two Hole in the Wall computers,
Enter a passphrase to change this user's settings later.
and kept a fascinating account of his voyage.
Launch %{PRODUCTNAME} automatically when I start my mobile device
Hi-Trans: device to change Roman script to Devanagari script.
Your momma told you, be careful.
Select the device type to filter
Exporting the selected audio as FLAC
A religeon which shows to show kindness to people
that you're infected by a virus,
and they use this meter-thick ice
Advanced options for the CSV format
Kumbhakarna also gave the futile advice of surrendering to Ravana.
it was a couple of men with long beards
1.God is one but name is various
depends on what's happening to Africa,
drive the ministers, the permanent secretaries, the bureaucrats
Error writing to image file: %s
The General in Islamabad is not an attractive man .
The man at the front desk laughs, and he says,
We're trying to train leaders of exceptional integrity,
Depression is also a general cause .
Nothing will happen without the consent of God.
List of airports by IATA code: E
Failed to map file '%s': mmap() failed: %s
to [put] your seat belts on
A look at rising personalities (1969)
” One could not die for you .
Load specified urls on demo login
Alpha Object to drive the behaviour
So that's about 50,000 people affected.
Your new Right to Manage
Which we can now, as I've explained,
So this robot is actually being commanded
Africa has not done bad.
Increasing evidence of lying or other furtive behaviour .
Central Time - Indiana - Perry County
I tasted the broccoli. Mmmmm.”
Karmatians -LRB- p . 53 -RRB- .
Go to the angle menu
Resize the partition (currently ${SIZE})
Seek not supported on base stream
Could not go offline in the network “{0}”
and then you black box the rest,
something akin to the Marshall Plan.
Health and Safety Law <s> What you should know
Children are often eager to write .
Evolution is in the process of going offline.
From then it is worlds 7 th wonder
After all , they 're our future .
was just saving it from demolition,
Even today most hindus do their prayers in sanskrit
For how long is a work permit valid?
and look at how we can scale it.
“ I could go on talking for hours .
Please enter the nickname you want to use.
The seams were thick and the mines shallow .
Tagore's music cannot be separated from his works of literature.
Technion - Israel Institute of Technology
Default charset in which to display messages.
of someone who is different from them.
We need mathematicians to come in and simulate this,
Give fair warning of your action
this publication is a document of various generations
Address or URL of proxy server
and for the other half, it was the same article
Whether the child-transform property is set
She threw again and a three came up .
There may be many reasons.
I'd better do some research on Facebook.
2. Bramha or the universal spirit is all pervading.
Special items relevant to the inner-workings of GNOME Do.
In metro cities, the local population mingles freely with visitors.
There are 12 vowels and 34 consonants in Devanagari
I just don ' t know exactly , ”
Throttle the rate of window resize.
Because one of the poorest farmers on Earth
Does it have the Apple logo on it?
These are listed at the back of this booklet .
even though I've been separated from my loved ones -
Your right to be consulted 15
Strangles is a highly infectious disease .
Political parties could and should be
He started Missionary of Charity in kolkata in 1950
But if we turn to evolution
Empress Noor Jahan had built the Mausoleum of Ittemadullah.
Failed to write client add to saved state file: %s
he was a good emotional writer.
They learn how sentences and paragraphs are put together .
Failed to create or open '%s'
Failed to put data on the clipboard
A six-monther adores the task.
Deepawali is a festival of light and cleanliness.
2010: Kurt Westergaard, Danish cartoonist
last years in India third organizations play important role.
A list of locations to display in the calendar window.
to that domain of facts.
from Sikkim in the north, to Krishnagiri in the south.
Like the things that people use.
Where to get help and advice see page 32.
Your report was successfully uploaded to %s with name:
my grandmother and I find a penny
this flag waving, right in front of the veterinary facility.
The under wall of mausoleum got the foot print design.
Using it hindi language can be written on online/offline
Could not go online in the network “{0}”
is not the challenge of reducing poverty.
This video will keep playing until the cows come home.
in which case, you'll want to be heard
The cows are good milk-yielders .
as surely as you see it on Wall Street.
but the big delta there
Select a proper video mode to be used by KVA.
So we're keeping, like, a million balls in the air
my lab and others have done dozens of studies
[you know that risk isn't the reward.]
“What is worth dying for?”
He was the Guru (teacher) of Drona, Bhishma and Karna.
Kabeer was a saint poet and social worker.
No path was specified for the image output
Our magazines are read by millions.
We must have some way
to have this kind of pattern.
But Julián Le Barón keeps working
is to control and predict, to study phenomena,
But if you look at the blue data points,
Akbar was anointed as the King on 14th February, 1556
we decided to take the next big step,
on the main gate of this there is quran verses
Size of icons in this toolbar
shows how a model changes,
They knew what he was like .
to be a witness - this means to give testimony
When I was five years old,
they may be creative in terms of culture,
So this is not really freedom, right?
might speak to a younger brother.
“In life, this is what's important in terms of compassion.”
because the average proposal was surprisingly close to 50/50.
trying to understand, discussing with your fellows.
Life span of these machines is near about 15-20 years.
Command to run when the binding is invoked
by saying, “Oh, this is so terrible.
Chaki took out his revolver and shot himself dead .
The three seator is the best transport for the travellers.
Here's a typical street view.
I want to summarize with an equation. (Laughter)
Failed to connect to POP server %s in secure mode:
and save the homeowner's dog.
This application could not be indexed.
There he have first tray to enter in Russi consulate.
The first one was miniaturization.
Width in pixels of the border between miniatures.
gzip failed, perhaps the disk is full.
in this life, for human beings,
She died on 2nd March 1949.
They ' re thorough alright .
The annual growth rate should be 45 percent.
Other epics inspired by Ramayana.
You put it into a 15-liter vessel, about three gallons,
National Academy of Direct Taxes
Injury during shooting of Coolie in 1982.
'Ana' means- saying or telling
out of places that are already there.
Pick a percentage in your own mind.
all for a communications framework
Error: viewer connection to hypervisor host got refused or disconnected!
Which babies are at greater risk ?
Paste message(s) from the clipboard
So without the controversy, that's cool thing number one.
What is a sexy body?
It simply depends on us.
And my favorite example of that -
actually space out for seconds at a time.
which obeys really strict rules.
What does this mean in molecular terms ?
Why? Because the soul, the human soul,
Choose location to save files
which are rising waters and religion.
Because the road map to get rid of this disease
Why grow homes? Because we can.
This folder will be excluded during the next media scan.
Screen %d on display “%s” already has a window manager
My characters also drank a lot of ginger beer
I'm trying to remember the words -
To start a new game, do one of the following:
So, for example, there are doctors in China
The defined LimeSurvey database does not exist
Prevention of Terrorism Act, 2002
if you increase the speed of rotor three
Devil May Cry (video game)
Copy selected memos to the clipboard
But it was not displayed
If you are available for work
which was a very simple experiment in New Delhi.
Himalayan Institute of Yoga Science and Philosophy
Cannot create MAPI memo list in offline mode
Basava intensely disliked this system .
and his discoveries were really the beginning
the coffins of Shahjahan and Mumtaz Mahal
Width of text input box
We looked at rooms that were mechanically ventilated,
NVQ (National Vocational Qualification) Levels 2 and 3 in Playwork.
maybe missing sidewalks or pedestrian paths, though.
and sell these nets to others -
Make sure the <gui>Icon view</gui> is selected.
This flow acts unfavourably on animal movements and locomotion .
They sell Mister Splashy Pants shirts and pins.
Returns to object with keyboard focus.
Their work does not affect contribution - based JSA .
” You understand … <s> It is too far .
You can decide, what is your mental state:
Every circled number can be divided by {0}.
Category:Television in the United States
Where is her case ?
Cannot drop message(s) into toplevel store
build Acumen Fund about six years ago.
are MAO inhibitors of the precise sort necessary
The wife takes meat and wine !
6 . What sort of services might help you :
Machine for Conversion of Hindi to Urdu (Online)
.Bollywood word is created by mixing bombay and hollywood.
if they think about hunger,
Hindi - Urdu Translation (Punjabi Aviaswavidyaly, Patiala)
and -strict was specified; exiting.
The quiet that follows a storm .
%s: %s %s but %s is to be installed
Doctors , dentists , opticians and pharmacists
Google is company having expertise in Internet web seardh engine.
And Basit and Amjad are first names,
This device would automatically send the intended person
The Beaufort Arms Hotel, Monmouth
of less than 7,000 dollars.
gamban onkar joshisindian language word translation
It contained the following :
and that was that there was a mysterious epidemic
Size of the preferences window
Hamachi version {0} is obsolete
to say, “Actually, 1.7 million is plenty.”
You can find more information at http://www.jamendo.com/
There was a problem printing.
And here was she sitting …
he attaches a valve and a steam pipe,
Log out of this system now?
they have contributed in urdu literature too
Could not go online in the network “{0}”
Send my alarms with this event
There's a false sense of security.
We hope the state Government does something soon .
Tch , tch , very bad , very bad .
Asian Equestrian - Equestrian - Rodeo
The northern mountains are the snowy Himavant .
smriti are praised in all vedas
Error: SSID or BSSID are missing.
Could not create authentication helper process
Could not create thread for populating cache
and that is the period in which
That is actually the device.
to a pilgrimage of sorts,
The package information was last updated about %s minutes ago.
Create a drawing or an animation
Meiosis achieves two aims .
Join and create local networks over the Internet
his father Vishwanadhan Dutt had a belief in western civilization.
Failed to get original URI for '%s': %s
Make each day your masterpiece.
{0} came online in the network {1}
Special board that embeds python into gcompris.
Settings for the built-in Live Video Processor only
But I don't buy anything new.
Creative Commons Share Alike 3.0
And the women said, “It really is.”
Indian Hindi Cimena is so Papular in Pakistan
The accompanying buildings were completed in 1943.
Caution low UPS, %s remaining
of a rich man who sat in synagogue one day.
And he's like, “Well, we don't need one.”
Updates are disabled by the administrator
are universal, of course -
Unable to process spool folder
Whoa! Google Chrome has crashed. Restart now?
Computers were used for artillery first, then IRS.
because it's very much the equivalent.
But I was moved almost to tears
This was kind of the defining slogan.
Show network speed in bits
.Along with this many problems surfaced.
which are laid out across the environment
there's about 1.5 billion to 1.7 billion
Both armies together attached Imphal and Kohima.
from the traditional media industries.
You did not supply a user name for that account.
Voluntary work does not count towards the 16 hours .
Photos and videos visible to:
So I tried bronze casting.
we can change society's definition of success
well, some people laughed at the extreme naiveté
Group Reply goes only to mailing list, if possible
If you delete a network, it will be permanently lost.
is diverted into the battery.
Please provide a DisplayName attribute
They learn how letters join together to make words .
Passphrase iteration count is too large.
Now it is buried at particular disposal sites .
The situation was same in Iran also|
14) the language of sanskrit from 6thousand years is done
It is a recursive symlink
The file is of an unknown type
It keeps constantly growing , evolving .
of possible changes in the experience of these beings.
Show disk view 'Device' column on startup
one of the most inspiring stories
Whether alpha should be shown
PNM file is not in a recognized PNM subformat
three degrees away from that node
Full name for the new user:
All we are asking for is equal opportunity . ”
The buffer which is displayed
Or phone their 24-hour helpline on 01453 755049.
with such a wide gulf between those who understand,
This cancer can usually be prevented before it develops .
Error: 'con list': %s; allowed fields: %s
And you notice nobody is tone deaf, right? Nobody is.
and this is a place that's really a leading place
Immunisation against Hib infection is now possible.
when in fact, it's quite an amazing story.
and I couldn't keep them tied.
Unfortunately, we have our work cut out for us.
were you closer to your mother or to you father
He is the symbol of love element.
Malformed PEM file: unknown private key cipher '%s'.
an embassy of 350 people,
The Song of People (1958)
I don't mean they can't or they're not allowed to,
It's a continuum of traits.
But , after some thought , he added :
Send file by mail, instant message…
Rendered all audio in track '%s'
Display notification when a member comes online
Open the terminal file manager Midnight Commander
.This place have plenty of lakes, rivers and ponds
In my own humanity and mistakes,
One of the things which my intern here, Pratesh, built
to the hunters and their families?
Now that would never happen.
Factor applied to the momentum when starting the interpolated phase
Whether to print a header in each page
ram gave consolation to the people and shown the respect
Oh, it's going to be so much fun.
but I'll stay until you show up, ponytail or not.
His dearly beloved nephew Surendranath had died in Calcutta .
Maharshi Vyas: The author of the Maha Bharat
AAj Tak or Hindi India _ Today
However , it is too late .
and he became known as the “West Side Cowboy.”
Now obviously the driver cannot see,
and can then see additional information about the book -
How girls perform the masturbation?
muslim world rapidly started to become Intellectual center of world
These drums are made with locally available meterial .
Beep when Caps and Num Lock are used
Server not responding. Try again later.
Seek error on file '%s'
But one of the things that we never discuss
that the College Bakery said,
And by that, I mean
Lots of children find spelling hard .
Sir T . Strangman submitted as follows :
Flag of the Marshall Islands
This technology, the women will not share with the men.
ask parents to help in school
and leave him alone. He'll figure it out.
or even undiagnosed by the system
Whose Children Get Involved with Drugs?
Gradients should have at least two colors
have seen so many failed promises broken
I use Man Ray, Helen Levitt,
In north & west, Sikhs increased their power.
It means premchand Hindi first great writer.
and the more dust you would have
Towards an effective system for dealing with runaways (Ch3)
which is the biggest issue in aircraft design,
Incremental loading of image type '%s' is not supported
all of the parking and freeways and so on.
It can take speedy and firm decisions
35 public lynchings have been recorded
You can walk a mile
After all, peacemaking is not a sprint.
Extension root directory is invalid.
he resigned from congress chairmanship
Or if geologists were elephants?
Pakistan is far more important than Afghanistan.
give up their cars altogether.
Disk Image of %s (%s).img
you have the largest encyclopedia in the world.
Error restoring temp file (check files '%s' '%s')
Cows are poor milk-yielders .
Open the memory maps associated with a process
Keyboard shortcut to switch to tab 2
of the Dravidian language family,
Announcer: And Zishan takes it! India wins!
12.Krishna - Poetry is ironic
Size of disk cache, in MB.
But similar principles would apply to any food business .
It's not just reality, it's feeling and reality.
Which doesn't understand, that should be asked to great people.
this represents more than a billion people.
During these period he gone missing
Signature script must be a local file
Turned trashcan on its side. Walked home.
but you don't have a choice.
Automatically launch when a new mail is edited
Backlight control: unable to connect to session service!
Error loading gconf directory '%s': %s
that will allow them to hear
Keep your part-time job and start part-time self-employed work.
There are three types of benches in State Judiciary
Goes to the last cell in a table.
They have no trouble telling us what art is about.
Private key cipher '%s' was unknown.
Mumbai is important commercal center of india.
set pgid failed; alltray may behave strangely.
And this is what happens.
Sound (read to speech)- Dhvani TTS
%s: %s is not a regular file.
everyone wrote down their personal goal.
Indian Script Code for Information Interchange
He was the son of Santanu and Ganga
how much we're willing to accept
# Harivansh Rai Bachchan (on English Wikipedia)
A Large Ion Collider Experiment
A . What properties ?
and they're roughly a meter or so in scale
What does that even mean?
and, you know what, even easy.
Create a new empty partition table on this device
Both my nine- and seven-year-old have a stock broker already.
Then there is the global contagion .
Authentication is required to print document '%s' on printer %s
“”Re“” is like American English Syllabic, “”r“” .
Setting %s to enforce mode.
of the world's military spending -
Cardiovascular accident or stroke is a common aging dysfunction .
Unable to export background to %s: %s
and sometimes, even when a drug hits the market,
Publish shared printers connected to this system
Arthur Road Jail is Mumbai's prominent jail.
Education is not just about giving people the facts .
people will look back and go, “Wow.”
Comma-separated list of proxy bypass rules
They are skating. They are doing street plays.
Set your remote desktop access preferences
from a single brain scan.
How many kinds of instruments are there ?
of the same age as Leonardo at the time.
Could not create temporary file '%s'
The direction the arrow should point.
Practice looking up words together and sharing the dictionary .
Our collective vision at Naya Jeevan,
and we come to America,
The label to be displayed over the icon
very shortly after our exposé earlier this year,
Is it big enough to oust Laloo ?
There are 33 Districts in Rajasthan.
without fixing the one institution
Windows that should wobble when focused
Hum Saath-Saath Hain: We Stand United
it's very thin, it's as thin as a sandwich wrapper.
We don't teach American history in Britain.
when there was a report on bank computerization,
Could not get track time for file: %s
Rest building was completed in 10 years.
at least if you're six years old -
Turn text upside down with “Upside Down”.
I'm here to tell you the secret to successful decision-making:
And to the first son, he left half the camels;
Fundamental Rights, Directive Principles and Fundamental Duties of India
But there are no hard facts to suggest this.
Subscribe to the selected folder
You purchased $1%{DATAAMOUNT} of data on $2%{DATE}
They do not need any special facilities .
In the winter - just wait till winter comes !
The question of transformation in Africa
And one of the English batsmen said, “You know what?
The shortcut keys for turning input method on
They work on more complex books .
sharing some of the problems.
Libvirt did not detect NUMA capabilities.
today especially, but also the rest of the world,
Can you hear me ?
An important OS update has been installed.
in interaction with the things that change.
*[URL tool or name of server]
Sorry, passwords do not match
Select a disc to write to
The Social Fund see page 28.
Koran itself said that they read it with the rights.
The keyring has already been unlocked.
No reference available for “{0}”
everybody came to watch the cricket.
Burn beyond the disc's reported capacity
Display the type column in the main window.
if you were in my shoes?
Character encoding of linked resource
and it plans, carefully plans the motion of the spokes
to have a very honest conversation.
and looked at a teddy bear on the screen.
and returned back as a molecular biologist
“ Goodbye , ” he said to the flower .
This males use this technique to satisfy themselves.
Total numbers of sent reminders
Would you like to continue exporting?
And that's actually rather useful for forensics and so on.
Jawaharlal Nehru What was my philosophy of life ?
Enable or disable the “Script Bubble” experimental toolbar UI.
GConf key '%s' is set to an invalid value
And they get up to all sorts of tricks.
The following details will be shared with %{SITE}
Some of the following options may not work.
Check between %d and %d answers
Surrounded by nature,trees,gardens and library Tagore established Shantiniketan.
Madam Mahadevi Vema was sad of her married life.
for people to get engaged in politics.
Must specify one or more keys as arguments
They do n't expect me to serve them personally .
Tagore's music cannot be separated from its culture.
A weaver named Neeru took him to his home.
Store status headers in Elm/Pine/Mutt format
The territory nearby the River Dund is called Dundhad (Jaipur).
Whether to emit a beep.
He began to play in the year 1989.
Next question: where is Calcutta?
a mechanism of delivery of eye care
They're selling us shoes and cars.
List of interactive geometry software
The National Institute of the Korean Language
Do &not copy any audio
Indian politics maintained in a gentlemanly way.
because they are bored ;
is how shell companies are used to steal
Flag of the Central African Republic
Don't show this message again
there was lots of translation then.
Consumers at the heart of Government
dies the moment we try to be like someone else.
and you can suggest that you would prefer
Convenience to Man (Giver)☻☻☻☻Inconvenience to Man (Giver)☺Joy to Man (Giver)☻☻☻☻☺
No AnimData to set action on
and that, if you can do so,
Please enter the nickname you want to use.
Many universities were closed .
Change sort order of list items in Pick Items mode.
the current system of consumer credit licensing .
National Gallery of Modern Art
Failed to close file '%s': fclose() failed: %s
and most Islamic scholars see it as the equivalent
Unload a set of values described in an XML file.
that I look like I'm playing dress-up,
Inter-University Centre for Astronomy and Astrophysics
As Ghadhari entered she did not allow this to happen.
We are a movement for human emancipation .
The indictment could n't have been stronger .
I've invested in Pakistan for over seven years now,
in 200 years these kings has united the powers
His prophecies were untiring .
introduce us to new and interesting things
view of Tajmahal form Agra Fort.
but we just don't talk about enough -
and won't get married if there's food in school.
You will never have more time than right now.
11 players feild the ground.
Towards a more inclusive system
On the other rivers also there are medium sized dams.
Add a bookmark for the current location
Failed to authenticate with provided certificate
You can find these kinds of things wherever you look,
Couldn't get stream file descriptor
Day Projects , Information and Advisory Services .
And here's how news shapes what Americans see.
My family, in my city,
Kevin Kelly and Stewart Brand.
mahabharath has 18 parts&200 sub chapters
on what they actually guess these numbers to be.
Play together , stay together , relax together .
and he found pleasure in the smallest things,
North Central Province, Sri Lanka
with new possibilities of life.
Constable Mafiuddin : Four cut marks on body .
Authdir %s has wrong permissions %o. Should be %o. Aborting.
and our old clothes, to his family.
Indore News ( Non classified)
This is an example that you might care about someday,
The head is long , narrow , and straight .
China has the highest population in the world.
which you now get free with Windows,
Such activities helped him to shed his introvert tendencies .
Return to the main screen
Now, fast-forward to today and this is what you see:
Postcard (10 x 15 cm)
If you are a NBA player
Nobody would do such a thing . ”
This is quite different today .
And it's humbling to remember that our species has, perhaps,
The clipboard format '%d' doesn't exist.
Greater than or equal to (Strings)
ask at their school about getting help
So, the value of his life was the sum total
A printer connected via Bluetooth.
“%s” is a recursive symbolic link.
Boolean values must be “true” or “false” not “%s”
Display notification when a member goes offline
Use a Real Folder for Trash:
What actually happened was the impulses were reduced.
Member of the Legislative Assembly
Opens many kinds of items.
And for this reason, many people eat probiotic yogurt
like they are frozen droplets of salty water.
SOPA is simply a reversion of COICA,
Couldn't open skin dir: %s
At the lower end of the scale,
%s: Regex grouping error: Invalid number of items between {}
Minimum drive buffer fill ratio (in %) (see wodim manual):
How often to check for updates
%{TITLE} is using your camera and microphone.
He traces the edges of the individual networks
Bolt 's action seems to have offended the Danes .
Mexican Mountain Time - Chihuahua away from US border
Hockey is the national sport.
Failed to mount Windows share: %s
In the rest of my talk,
but don't actually do anything.
he cleaned all this with great care and devotion
So that's why I began by saying,
Our holy book, the Koran, consists of 114 chapters,
because what does a dollar a day buy for you?
on these subjects worth considering?
India years diffrent matters doing one
Show notification when a new message arrives
So suppose I were to send this into a building
it is divided into two
Today we will buy fire
Paper and articles a world terrorism
These dishes are eaten both day and night.
On your right is an eight-year-old.
France at the 2008 Summer Olympics
List of airports by IATA code: T
Finding out the a name.
and I would love to see where that leads.
Downloading language packs (${TIME} remaining)...
Simultaneously many other problems arose.
this continued for five years.
File system information shown in list:
Select a file for export
If you're in any one of those roles -
And you talk about it with your friends.
42-45 . -LRB- p . 260-61 -RRB- .
None of us were able to go to Europe,
Sanskrit thematic piece of literature :
Could not read pilot's Memo application block
And if they do that all at once,
that without the proper legislation to make that possible,
And she does it a few thousand times
Could the law do more ?
But what about him ?
Cannot rename MAPI default folder '%s' to '%s'
Is tajmahal really Temple of Siva?
who left this mine in 1960.
Failed to run calendar factory
Enable the “-driver generic-mmc-raw” flag (see cdrdao manual)
Laptops with screen display problems
GSM Modem's SIM PIN required
<b>%s</b> has canceled the following meeting.
Could not load extension icon '$1%{ICON}'.
Error: Destination is not specified
Gambhan; Omkar Joshi's Indian Languages Word-Compilation(WYSWYG)
and we started looking for a place to eat.
dilemma is not unique; the solution had to be unique.
This is an influence of Tibetan customs .
and that, I think is what is meant by hubris.
is to engineer tissues out of them.
The Englishman said nothing .
much more effective. It's showing that the special structure
You cannot move the volume “%s” to the trash.
Pixels of blank space below paragraphs
have done more for American soft power
for being quite slow to take on war criminals.
and it's appearing here, overlooking the United States.
And these projects came from questions I had, like,
Third, they are often creating markets.
Perhaps this is just me, maybe you.
Could not find this album on MusicBrainz.
gzip failed, perhaps the disk is full.
Press F2 or double click to edit cell contents.
What do these people have in common?
increased evidence of telling lies or furtive behaviour ;
She ' s afraid of it .
So if you were an algorithm,
any obstacles around the vehicle.
The VPN connection '%s' failed.
to let folks take care of themselves
So , how can it be called disgusting ?
and bringing them to the digital world,
The key areas <s> Coronary heart disease and stroke.
Try it out, it's already installed
2. The ‘dhamm' which enhances the friendship -
It's a statue made by Verrocchio, of David,
Whether to allow multiple files to be selected
Show process 'CPU Time' column on startup
West Bengal State Electricity Board
And at the end of the meeting, we realized
Local Directory Sync Service Add-in
generation after generation, renting them,
Unable to create the download directory for %s: %s
House That Ruth Built by destroying two well-loved community parks.
it would have taken at least two years
rajya sabha actually started to give each states representation
is the second most energy intensive industry
An error occurred while extracting files.
Premchand and collection of Indian Literature.
A land where every field hides a grave,
Resume playback if currently paused
{0} came online in the network {1}
Is it that I analyze the data very well?
so we set up a manufacturing unit.
His brothers, Benjamín and Julián,
The challenge facing all those who are interested in Africa
Order of the British Empire
.It is free to use the resources of the earth.
Letting Rooms in Your Home -LRB- 92 HUG 219 -RRB-
One woman gives birth to borders.
Nor has he done anything to remove the perception .
However, there's more to know about your parent star
And while, again, you needed patience
Failed to find original ltdlopen loader.
and the population was growing at two percent,
History is full of such examples .
A one-off payment of up to £1000
No connection. Trying to reconnect...
science must reach to our most oppressed,
The Netaji industry holds he was imprisoned by Stalin .
it's about the systems below.
There are many promised lands,
Both of them are about investing in entrepreneurs
by a global public that's been fed
Yakni (A name associated with an Indian Cuisine/Pulav)
They go around looking for what it is.
After long hesitation I decided to go to China .
Your connection to $1%{DOMAIN} is not encrypted.
to get as much out of you
Now, the animal mind, and also my mind
Connection does not support managed storage cloning.
where CNN beamed a live hologram
being driven by mobile device proliferation,
and how we use these objects,
central portion is Ganga and this part is very sacred
Rest of the powers are vested with the parliament.
Is Talmahal is a temple of God Shiva in real?
The small number of simple principles were very, very simple.
tend to be isolated individuals.
We've flown the Cassini Spacecraft
And now with one dollar,
Human penis is made of three kind of living tissues.
For those of you old enough to remember,
Could not synchronize spool folder %s: %s
Replace a currently running panel
some of them just making crap
to be taken back to where they came from,
Installed (locked to the current version)
I still think like an American woman.
to know that the words go from left to right
See our website: www.workpermits.gov.uk for further details.
Our libraries are crucial to our research and curation .
But you can see the voids,
{{ Hindi on to computer
The number stanzas in Kurma Puran is seventeen thousand
Listing applications installed on device failed
Block sites from setting any data
but the result of how the market behaves
But if you can take this big, massive thing,
But we wondered what role
Have a look at this too.
Unable to check whether the server's certificate was revoked.
What we can do ?
and then confronted the United States Senate,
60 years of aeronautic research.
Also see Hindi wiki dictionary
The data is not valid or unrecognized
What are the causes? Well, it's an unintended consequence.
Presently this facility is available for following news-stands;
researchers were able to predict
Slipping into the room she shut the door quickly .
Show question index / allow jumping
These ideas have brought together something
Enter the item to build a Last.fm station out of:
And even when we explained that if ABE goes away,
It 's May Day .
Being Maharashtrian Brahmins , the first three RSS chiefs-K.B .
No provider available for protocol '%s'
Error connecting to D-Bus: %s
during a conference in Hanoi.
to transfer the circulation of the motor.
Well, again, what's interesting here is we've lost
Solaris mode for CPU percentage
I had bought into the single story of Mexicans
he adpoted this look to save himself from english people.
These gentlemen here, they're insurgents.
Please select a folder below
I don't know ultimately what they will do.
will be teaming up with icons Jabbar, Noora,
Environmental Protection Act 1990 <s> ISBN 010 544390.5
She never admitted to being hungry .
in this world, you have it with one other person.
Cannot open HTML document: %s
You go from drug formulation, lab testing, animal testing,
Boot methods for special ways of using this system.
I sold lots of them to the gas stations
$1%{PRODUCTNAME} can now sync your passwords.
They're called SOLEs: Self Organized Learning Environments.
The Three Sections of The Constitution.
Two children watch a TEDTalk.
Libvirt service must be started
But I was excited, so I kept going.
5. You may make photocopies for personal or in-house use.
The mode of the value indicator
And this is wool over here.
and you're guaranteed to be treated in a certain way
The cleft of the hoof should be narrow .
Ek Baar Phir (1980 film)
was actually to give the babies two bowls of food:
1998 Great American Insurance ATP Championships
Automated Input Level Adjustment increased the volume to %.2f.
Received request to drop all cached data
In this case , 27 persons were involved .
Another plug in for Firefox Hindi spelling search
with exaggerated conceptions of how technology
Unable to change to %s
WHY WORK WITH CHILDREN ?
Category:Tata Institute of Fundamental Research
Move failed, unexpected error: $1
[for all of us, even when times are tough.]
or get up to speed and not feel embarrassed
Do you see , Paul ? ”
Automatically update on any source folder change
There is currently no newer LimeSurvey version available.
Failed to obtain an access token for '%s':
But I think once it does, we will find solutions,
so academically deficient that I cried.
came to the conclusion that it was really something
AB11 Help with NHS costs
China Encyclopedia - Complete information about China in Hindi
entire country remembered his martyrdom.
And they have big cities,
In this document, we refer to 'your child'.
Hazrat Muhammad Sallallahu Alayhi Wasallam
Harivansh ray Bachchan (English Wikipedia)
(Soor: Al Kamar : 17)
This is a project called Photosynth,
I will be waiting for you here .
The entry has already been inserted.
Exchange data with the computers named: %{HOSTNAMES}
that not only do the jets come from
So the idea that we deployed the troops
The password may be incorrect.
of scores which go up with time.
There is also facility to download the entire Mahabharata.
gives you an idea of water table.
and all other forms of aid.
There are no label tracks to export.
Unable to create temporary directory
Keyboard shortcut to set the terminal title
Pratahkal Hindi News Paper: Search for Hindi News in Pratahkal.
List of tallest buildings in the world
We've heard some remarkable stories from some remarkable speakers.
Phone no : 0114 259 6665
moral precepts that admit of no exceptions.
She says, “Ma, you got to look!”
The colour of the egg is white .
from the newest planet-hunting space telescope on the block,
some hindus sacrifice animals in temples
we don't perform them right,
Tabloid (11 x 17 in.)
a governor of one of the oil-rich states of Nigeria,
And she's bringing me in with a slight salsa movement.
Refresh rate for Device Policy
Failed to decrypt the private key: decrypted data too large.
She didn't speak to me for a very long time,
Cookies from multiple sites blocked.
Right now, America is in an unremitting state of trauma.
No valid active connections found!
After Umar Bin Khattab, Usmanraji* bin Affan 644 was Khalif.
veda is written in a very difficult and hard language
First of all, there's a lot more testing going on,
and we turned into a real organization -
and then the world turns around and astonishes us.
Which is expressed lively and naturally.
moving onto the continent, with what?
Please enter the program to create a profile for:
It was constructed in the year 1653.
sort of painfully goes up,
Police Force: <s> Police Station:
and teach them to be men -
Right? It needs to be alert,
Different types of fuel combustion associated human-generated sources (human activity)(fuel)
is unknown or not well understood.
so that an algorithm can close the deal
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India
All circles share a common property except for one.
can, at least in principle, be understood
India - State and union territories.
But don't worry if you can't see it so well.
you need to step outside
These proportions or relative frequencies are called genotype frequencies .
If set to 0, use the router default
This stage is still existing today.
History of metallurgy in the Indian subcontinent
These parameters control how the installer works.
I'm a neuroscientist, and I study decision-making.
and hope they don't notice.
so I don't feel the need.
Along with Rama Seeta dn Laxamna also went to forest
so everyone here will be group A,
Quran has staright frward buisnessman,whohad a satisfied family
But when the scenario we have imagined suddenly flips
Modern hindi is the History of hindi literature
Killer GEGLs from Outer Space
The allowed limit of flexible X servers reached.
In 1937 Japan attacked China .
“ I ' m Esther . ”
will be a profoundly different human being
For the crisis is almost entirely government engineered .
Hindi writer's IME (Growth Stopped)
Then shop around , comparing prices and after-sales service .
Karz: The Burden of Truth
But there is a curious asymmetry here.
broke every rib that he had,
Automatically move cursor to the next character
What would he say ?
The people did not understand .
Hamachi version {0} is obsolete
Exchanging information with the server...
Select <gui>Turn on accessibility features from the keyboard</gui>.
Average rain in this part is 12cm to 30cm .
Display notification when a member joins
Unable to open external link
The father of Prabhavati devi is Ganganarayana dutt.
interacting with the physical objects around us.
Change the challenge presentation time in memory games.
He was upset by the low quality and high cost
this Stupa is called Boudh in Nepali.
International Network of Google (Hindi)
How often to check for distribution upgrades
Then he was selected to mayor of Calcutta.
Row is an expander row, and is expanded
Practice addition, subtraction, multiplication and division.
Preparing to move %'d file
and one of them looks like this.
Tony learns about the ontologically promiscuous,
Video boxes usually tell you the story.
This pulp can be preserved for long durations .
Impossible to retrieve local file path
Failed to connect to Jamendo server. %s.
the Eurozone has collapsed ... what else?
And then something very dramatic happened.
And this is really a story about a public-private solution
Question could not be updated
Let's take a snapshot at aviation.
is this is a factual claim:
Zone Layout for the build-in Atmo
from the Honors, a reoccurring cycle
being arrested at the border, that sort of thing.
Vivekanand used to clean all this very carefully.
TB - ARE YOU AWARE?
Scanning the volatile updates repository...
Options specifying the connection endpoint
Later acted as Hindi specialist at indian foreign Minstry department.
near the town of Southampton in New York.
In fact, the script has become a battleground of sorts
Practise multiplication, until all the cards are gone.
The main qualification for this is:
But if you zoom out,
But then my father became President of Mexico
The provisions of the Extradition Act were discussed .
Ocasionally, Mr. Verma visited her at Allahabad.
It fills the heart of knowledge never
and that's the point I was trying to make.
Failed to open temporary file.
Whose interests do you serve now ?
by making marks; marks on clay in that time.
Desktop shell shows app menu
If YES to all, claim Income Support.
Failed to initialize the MD5 context: %d.
I have had seven terms in prison .
The rest were in the private/joint sector .
from random people from around the world.
Burning flags to be used
Foreground color as a GdkColor
What's the evidence of wiping out?
Whether the primary icon is sensitive
not having been sent an invitation already
when I heard something even more heartbreaking.
Just run Xnest, no query (no chooser)
to lose what makes life worth living.”
Because in every effect human want to see his power.
What the honey bee does: it pollinates,
And additionally, there is a psychological aversion to doodling -
21. For the future, the Government will be:
The sanctum entrance is guarded by huge dvarapalas .
We may be able to help you .
Indira Gandhi National Centre for the Arts
(Laughter) - it's a good point.
And we know it's incredibly ugly.
Lead , mineral acids .
Kick the ball into the black hole on the right
This version of Rhythmbox has been banned from Last.fm.
WHAT'S IN IT FOR ME?
Pick up the current call
Display notification when a member goes offline
and your lifestyle completely changed?
Error setting new accelerator in configuration database: %s
Accordingly , all Financial Bills are not Money Bills .
National Law School of India University
{0} left the network {1} and {2} other network
Some painters are not artists
'%s' is not a valid amount.
There was a problem deleting group
They brought a strange relief .
nature gives information about the climate changes.
turns out the best visual product did not disappoint.
WARNING: Failed to parse string value ‘%s'
China was during the Cultural Revolution.
The time it takes to restore a previous browsing session
Shortcut %s does not exist
because you think you'll be here forever?
that stuff inside the tail.
which was a large truck rolling down the street.
No, I do not accept this license
Well perhaps some rectangular pieces of plastic
Draw me a sheep .
%s: Standard X server not found; trying alternatives
What will it be tomorrow?
Error: 'nm' command '%s' is not valid.
Some others think they might have came from Baloochisthan.
The XID of the parent window
vitamin K information for parents-to-be
<span size='x-large'> Select the difficulty range for profile <b>%s</b></span>
Rjasthan is one of India's province|
that I've just been outlining?
Simple DirectMedia Layer video output
Play games with lists of words .
REGISTERING WITH AND CHANGING DOCTORS
Your DB and any changed files will be backed up.
Mumbai North (Lok Sabha constituency)
the average rate of growth on the continent has moved
Could not access configuration file (defaults.conf)
Query the range of valid values for KEY
See pages 30-35 for details.
Kuran is the main meaning of this is innocent find.
Why do I do this?
The responsibility for making a claim is yours .
We do that corporate -
Activate fullscreen mode with double-click
You have a model that emerges of the entire Earth.
and you read the newspapers from around the world.
if you get one of these:
So to test this crazy idea,
An Assistant Municipal Commissioner oversee the administration of each Ward.
They were found in present day Iraq and Iran.
and then put them in one line.
They have over a billion people in this country,
because of our tenuous position
Agrakay or Prati Kriyasheel army case
Sign-out is possible only when signed in.
that behind most of us who succeed
Arnik fiesta (Arniyakparv) is a brief description of Ram Ramayan
And they don't just guess what makes people happy,
Intimacy: depth of penetration, mobility at entrance.
This is something that can be transformed with knowledge.
When saving a project that depends on other audio files
or where you can trash the cup.
the word dipawali means festival of light
Yet another ran off with his massage therapist .
also struggled for an idea
diet and lifestyle, using these very high-tech,
They use their reading and writing in other lessons .
People will send you donations when you're in that condition.
Current view is a customized view
Chrome cannot access the image.
to the U.K. in the 1960s.
New Deal for people aged 50 plus
The letter contained nothing more insidious than talcum powder .
And sometimes I'm puzzled, and I ask myself why.
Are you sure you want to leave the network “{0}”?
Dilip Raja Bhagirath was the son of the second daughter
These are the faces of the children
List of districts of West Bengal
Those are entrepreneurial traits that you want to be nurturing.
That only confirms the reality
Couldn't verify PKCS#12 file: %s
10 literary agents were waiting for me
They are sold in the name of adoption.
Exit it and report the problem to the authors.
are like distant cities whose lights we can see twinkling,
%{PRODUCTNAME} updates automatically so you always have the freshest version.
There are now some 3,000 of these centers
{0} went offline in the network {1}
Jis Desh Men Ganga Behti Hai
The superstructure of the Airavatesvara is lost .
one who had adequate nutrition,
They drink this fabulous nectar
So this airplane has no windows anymore, for example.
Important information regarding your Chromium data
I hate the dark . ”
who was sitting on a rock, staring at the sky,
Live with them, love them.
But actually when people went to the street -
Please enter the program to switch to complain mode:
So we are very encouraged by these results.
and steeped in vegetable dye.
that the infrastructure are actually the result of economic growth.
There was an error creating the symlink in %F.
Use the system fixed width font
and that's to survive in poverty.
VITAMIN K FOR BABIES: WHY?
Open the New Tab page
Remind of current task every x minutes
and didn't have a voice,
that the only way for us to teach creativity
Name of the volume group for the new system:
Could not close temporary folder: %s
maybe you want to go to the restaurant.
Why did the temple evoke so little response ?
because it's teaching us about the relationship
How is their ignorance any less obvious
Can you choose your child 's school ?
This part receives an average rainfall of 12cm to 30cm.
For a long time we have neglected our cities.
Baraha 7.0 & Baraha IME: Free editor of Indian Language
harivansh rai bacchan (english wikipedia)
When a neutrino hits a water molecule
This Vahya is literal meaning, not verbatim meaning.
Keyboard shortcut to create a new profile
Cannot create folder: %s: %s
Charlotte's Web 2: Wilbur's Great Adventure
List of Governors of Madhya Pradesh
I couldn't believe my eyes when I first saw that.
But the Englishman was exultant .
unnamed spaces in between streets.”
No handler for control sequence ‘%s' defined.
You'll find their details on the enclosed card .
Look at my planet .
Angle must be between 0.0 and 360.0, was %g
Before many years hilter had written autobiographyic named mine kamaf
List of airports by IATA code: A
Marathi and is used in Vedic Sanskrit
Failed to determine sample specification from file.
but this is what it looks like right now.
once likened the ferocious video cassette recorder
And I said to myself,
I'm going to start here.
Cut selected contacts to the clipboard
The teachers do n't understand .
Gautama Buddha- From the perspective of other religions
Saving virtual machine memory to disk
The affected birds huddle together in a corner .
Aga Khan Trust for Culture
This is located with four gardens of Mughal design.
as they experience an emotion,
with my neighbors in public space,
It fills the heart of knowledge never
into a wall of a slum in New Delhi.
Because of this diversity only parts of Veda's got expanded.
Tilt of the ellipse around z axis
They all came in there, and I told them
You are responsible for your rose . ”
Shurpankha went to her brother Ravan and complained.
No doc string stored in schema at '%s'
But that did not really surprise me much .
This certificate has been installed by your system administrator.
One might argue that India has become
Loneliness is the ultimate poverty.
When oil was at stake,
which is, “I collect bad wines.”
therefore making this supercluster of galaxies.
High achievement comes from high aims.
Whether the text is selectable
And there's been a revolution
You must lend an ear today,
But sometimes it just sat there.
a kind of macho one-upmanship.
The war was the supreme event of the period .
We're only just holding it together.
Ask the dealer about the history of the car .
Then they test that new hypothesis
Flowers are so inconsistent !
This divine place of Ganga is 3180 meters high.
The size entered is too large
and said, “The world must play 20 overs cricket.”
There may be many reasons .
Gever Tulley: A rollercoaster built by seven-year-olds.
the world, balancing moral progress
A worm game for GNOME.
you've already learned, first of all,
Swadic waters is depend upon vashikarn,
and what was happening to her.
No drawops provided for button
The Keyboard Preview, Y offset
Because actually we know how to fix it
I really am glad . ”
to the largest traditional bed net manufacturer in Africa
because, if I want to surprise them,
{0} left the network {1} and {2} other network
Kabir's worship starts from knowing “” not from Beliving“”.
Diplomats are locked in embassy compounds.
Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988
Kinds of Majority in the House [Parliament - State Assembly]
Display window buttons with text only
And here, children don't live longer.
Pirates of the Caribbean (film series)
to have beliefs and desires that reliably lead
mahabharath ( written by nirala)
You can make the baby poop.
Google is a very big company
Back to films in 2000 present.
In 2006, a few months after,
Play the end of the chess game against the computer
8. Helping any living thing is helping the god.
by constantly putting obstacles and barriers in our way.
About half of them were private cars .
and the children trooped in and said, “We've understood nothing.”
Enables the request tablet site option in the settings menu.
Are you sure you want to leave the network “{0}”?
Failed to read environment configuration data.
4 . Proof of identity
Birthday and anniversary reminder units
this is lots of different types of cameras:
If YES to both , claim JSA .
Drugs and Solvents - You and Your Child
I was planning a road trip.
People travel 42 per cent further than in 1975 .
in a country 81 percent Hindu.
In winter , the disease generally subsides totally .
That idea only came into being 300 years later,
I want to conclude with a music video.
A specialized website for article on news surveillance terrorism.
A meeting with the Shampens can also be arranged .
is to convert you all to Christianity -
Speaking of indentation and justification enabled.
Borders between the Bosniak territory
Unable to activate the address selector control.
The Rime of the Ancient Mariner
Duplicate headers received from server
They translated from Latin and Greek
is connected to the Internet
List of universities and higher education colleges in London
and treat, of course, a variety of mental illnesses
Where he met Vallabhacharya and became his disciple.
Business Team 2 (Employers H-K)
to deliver care directly to the people.
For example , deforestation must be followed by afforestation .
Meaningless key/value pair combination in address entry ‘%s'
And the whole spirit and attitude in those schools
X coordinate of the mask.
so that I don't need to learn the new language
After 13 year of corn Madine Muslims received a Center
“They're never going to want to do this.”
The urine is high-coloured and usually scanty .
Incorrect e-mail address or password
Fellowship of the Royal College of Surgeons
even anger, disgust and pain.
Name <s> Email Address (optional) <s> Title of Comments
How much majority you want
The fifth planet was very strange .
For example, very early on in the treatment,
even if I have, indeed,
Move window to south (bottom) side of screen
The land covers the area of 2meters/per kilometer.
simply changed your mind about the item .
pandit jawaharlal nehru was the first primeminister of india.
to figure out the safest way to operate the car.
The main jail of this city is arthor road jail.
Its leaders softened their tone towards a US action .
You ever thought about that?
The selected photos/videos were successfully published.
And I was just struck
Enter password to unlock the certificate/key storage
People also spruce to decorate their shops
Printer '%s' is low on toner.
The two passwords do not match. Please re-enter the passwords.
and then why that even matters.
Press %{SEARCH_KEY} to search %{SITE_NAME}
WORKING IN EARLY YEARS , CHILDCARE AND PLAYWORK
Embassy of India in Moscow
Keep and manage separate group per window
What happens when things go wrong?
The only way it worked
It can take action when needed to protect out health.
Even compensation was disbursed promptly .
because the uncle is a respected figure
In fact, mostly now in other things.
Dictionary : Hindi -> English dictionary Hindi to English dictionary
in order to do that, right?
how does cooperation exist at all?
She shut her eyes in a moment of fright .
Error: Option '-terse' is mutually exclusive with '-pretty'.
These are the people who never listen to classical music.
The next day is Bhai Duj's celebration
So, once you do this, it is amazing
where the Japanese freighters hang light in the horizon
Please be patient and try again in about 10 minutes.
She also contributed in other fields of literature.
whereas only nine percent in the comparison group.
And just as important, we owe it to ourselves.
Clash of the Titans (2010 film)
their independence, and their status in the family.
when you relate to the world.
that time khalifa used to stay as general man
you can do anything for 30 days.
And this is an idea, if you think about it,
could stay in Nad Ali, Sangin and Ghoresh,
Gujarati character Tulsi Ramayana and the Ramayana, letters,
We will read about this further on .
Edit bookmark for this page
and they find, actually sometimes, some of these algorithms.
They've got to learn how to do something else.
The theme file location specified to install is invalid
not directly in government, though we would have government's blessing,
You cannot rename a folder in a News store.
And the one who is happy,
Automatic 10 Mb/s 100 Mb/s 1 Gb/s 10 Gb/s
You look at art. Look at the ballerina.
not got the nectar from the mimic plant,
Failed to log into domain
Courage of the Bhagat Singh type is exceedingly rare .
In fact, most of us do everything we can
And that's where we saw the malaria map shrinking.
Prayer(salat)- In Hindustani, it is also known as Namaz.
planning to stop the noise
on public domain like an open software.
And when we were walking through the narrow alleys,
Passing a already registered object to SetObjectName
knew about probability and statistics,
From Kansas, I moved on to lovely Arizona,
Toggles whether the Role field is displayed
He is known for his 'Punch' Style of batting.
Desktop shell shows the menubar
during the last 50 years.
Because triangles are the only rigid structures.
were on their way from SOLA to their village,
The Fox and the Hound
See, it's hard to teach kids who stink.
So, in this video we're using an approach
SSID length is out of range <1-32> bytes
Error connecting to text console: %s
Such a notice must be conformed by the Court .
I think the biggest insult,
We are currently investigating this issue.
You can't join a game while in another game
Mountain Time - west Nunavut
AutoIP service failed to start
Why is it that you can't preserve a language
So Al-Batina is hidden, but she's a superhero.
Use the notification system to notify the operation completion
They did not have any pardas inside their body,
Total number of load cycles
Displays a list of check boxes.
That has not happened at all in space flying.
Asleep she looked tiny and defenceless .
where so many people from different backgrounds and places
Benaroos from Persia was appointed as the inspection architect.
This is your team .
No media in the drive
so it doesn't tip and doesn't slip.
has quite successfully filtered the web,
Display notification when a member joins
Your doctor , nurse or midwife will explain why .
Wadera got bail on October 23 , 2001 .
But now I know it was all in his smile.
we're getting into more advanced arithmetic.
applied on a large scale.
Citlaltlachtli (The ball game of the stars)
And it becomes this dangerous cycle.
We have opportunities in agriculture, like I said.
Kaushalya is an ideal mother.
Madame, would you like some of those orange bangles
Error: Unable to process extension
“Obsession: Radical Islam's War Against the West” (2005)
It has the vision that will happen after you.
I'm kind of cheating with this next artist
It's about three miles out of Nairobi,
about what life was like during the Cold War
when a girl gets raped,
where the U.S. government issued a prize
That's the value of living.
How many times have you been told
House of God Nepal is full of variations
Kagim Khan,civilian of Lahor,he make solid gold bowl.
I joined the Indian Police Service as a tough woman,
They returned to the gates of the monastery .
There were proposals for washing and blending coals .
She had named it as Mira Mandir (Temple of Mira).
A save operation is already in progress
Voluntary work does not count towards the 16 hours.
Lekshman fought with Mekhanad and kill him.
is the ability to read and write
dictionaries of hindi and different languages
Phan worshiped green mills, so I watch Pujoan
Server's certificate has been revoked.
10)Studies suggest that learning sanskrit increases memory.
involved in all sorts of different things.
Compress weekends in month view
Rajasthan in the ancient times.
But something very valuable in that idea, nevertheless.
What is the signal that puts them into action ?
Error renaming file to “%s”: %s
Chaudhary Sarwan Kumar Himachal Pradesh Krishi Vishvavidyalaya
Whether the direction should be reversed when reaching the end
I thought, “Well, that's amazing,
If set to true, then TrueType fonts will be thumbnailed.
Could my partner and other children have hepatitis B?
that person will immediately pull their friend over
I went back and I transformed my entire company
Psst! Incognito mode (%{INCOGNITO_MODE_SHORTCUT}) may come in handy next time.
I can't help it. I live here.
Translation along the Z axis
I come from a conventional, middle-class Nigerian family.
he found that there were very few resources available
IT ' S LIKE HAVING A SECOND FAMILY . ”
The crop is estimated at 96.5 million tonnes.
One Thousand and One Nights
Let's look at a country like India.
Go to previous bookmark location.
” Almost everyone here speaks Spanish .
and you have and entirely different story.
Directories can not be attached to Messages.
And that's more intelligent in a way,
The 3 Mistakes of My Life
where everything starts getting a little bit catastrophic,
Death is something that we're often discouraged
Indian team won the world cup once in 1992
Error reading GConf string value '%s': %s
for a bright and optimistic human future.
Precipice running to and running from human beings.
Culture is a reaction to nature,
These little specks that you're seeing in here, they're galaxies.
But he made a wise comment :
You are now connected to '%s'.
Then , after a silence , he went on :
But mercifully nothing concrete has emerged .
and residents in close proximity of one another.
Could not read from stream: %s
Lokranga cultural committee works for this cultures protection
failed to register with the message bus
The file is not a directory
%{PRODUCTNAME} updates automatically so you always have the freshest version.
The top is decorated with an inverted lotus shaped design.
Organizer has removed the delegate %s
One day, I crossed the bridge
Housing Benefit and Council Tax Benefit
Strength used to modify the value of a pixel
Firefox for the Hindi spelling Jachka Edanoanne
Stop the volume associated with this folder
1829 Stephenson's Rocket Steam locomotive
Unable to create cache directory %s: %s
The helium atoms had to be very far apart.
You see that enough in the media.
And she said, “Show me.” So I showed this.
Whether to show the title column in the history window.
as I found my voice
Who needs to be tested ?
Artillery fire , said someone .
In this draw vary complex geometrical design.
Could not delete network “{0}”
Never offer to sign me in
like all the stories are about being wrong.
Loss of money or other objects from the house .
they invested in a school feeding program.
Why should we want revolution and change ” ?
Borodin completed Roy 's conversion to communism .
You have selected not to use any bounce settings
That's the way to handle this.
The salaries , though irregular , are guaranteed .
and doesn't care about the fences underneath, all right?
'%s' is not a number
This delta is moving slowly towards the sea.
And they said, “The world is still 'we' and 'them.'
So I left them for a couple of months.
Attribute “%s” is invalid on <%s> element in this context
because it's undeniable and definitive.
Anti-social behaviour by landlord's agent 5
where we would be told, use these works of art
And here it's a much nicer bedroom, you can see.
It may still exist; I don't know.
And the fact that we have English is now becoming
which is “longevity escape velocity.”
and you have to wait about a day
In Islam it's meaning is in the following announcement:
But a couple of months later,
Error connecting to graphical console
They're called the Granny Cloud.
And so it's very awkward,
Learn How To Use Synchronization Services
Adobe Flash Player camera and microphone exceptions are different.
Unable to shutdown socket: %s
The birth of Kuru dynasty and coronation of Pandu.
keep and use the existing data
DUPLICATE - Allow duplicates of records.
Now, I was paid in dollars as a consultant,
So there you have it:
in Brahman ancient history slogan numbers are 12,000
Install yaboot on a hard disk
Political Wing of the FAL
Cadmium ranks next to mercury in its toxicity .
And that it wasn't until 2009,
Veda Religion of Veda period
Stage 4 ( c ) : Critical control points
Notify new messages for Inbox only
Cannot save render buffers, check the temp default path
Is it because I'm a professor, and, therefore,
Server response does not match
Switch device, keyboard or mouse
Spool folders cannot be renamed
because there were more people watching -
But it's a great intention to have in a relationship.
Only lame_enc.dll|lame_enc.dll|Dynamically Linked Libraries (*.dll)|*.dll|All Files (*.*)|*
Voices sounded here from far off .
After this, the ocean engulfed the city of Dwaraka.
Comma separated list of active windows, defaults to all
in effect turning on the good genes, the disease-preventing genes
Could not connect to %s:
Take care of your own well - being
No command %d has been defined.
is two kinds of problems -
But if you're a Wall Street algorithm
Chaura is flat almost like a football field .
Read online Khuran Shariff: Arabic Khuran discussions
Timestamp of current fontconfig configuration
Fanakh -LRB- p . 94 -RRB- .
and come this close to you,
That is our real problem .
You - you must believe me , Esther … ”
Each mirror, there are four of them,
It had our university logo on it.
You are now connected to the Mobile Broadband network.
Sending the targets to the printer.
[Kid ... “And you thought you could do anything?”]
away from the moronically simplistic notion
“ And next door … ”
because our lives are like this.
which, when you think of it,
Exact address of Subhash Chandra Bose is not available
It also wants to see effective consumer representation.
Therefore, there should be justice throughout the world.
customcmd: forking process for custom command %ld failed
Width of the horizontal border of tab labels
In the early '80s, I had a really astonishing assignment
Why had social exclusion become so bad?
Or, “How can we help?”
It has many 'rig' letter ,so it is called rigveda.
they could go to Trinidad.
which is rather similar to mammals.
I think the only point of similarity between us
(Audience: Pulpit.) Baba Shiv: Whoa!
reflecting their day-to-day lives, incredible things happened.
Poisonous metals like Lead, Cadmium and copper.
Click to choose an icon
There are variations in the advised courses.
It is the Government alone which can do so .
who claims that scientists have found the glue
and my parents are sitting in the front row.
Currently, only one client can be connected at once
till 1906 the population has reached ten lac billion.
Why be angry with this world
One state in Northern India has gone so far
for endangered species in Yosemite National Park.
Bad or forged signature. The signed data was modified.
Its head office is at Mountain View, California, America.
Many private vocational and government art galleries have opened.
During this, he was attached to many revolutionary activities.
What a match for a Twenty20 final.
Keep default keyboard layout (${XKBLAYOUTVARIANT})?
David Letterman and Jay Leno had already started in on
Drag and Drop the items in the double-entry table
Cabinet is collectively responsible towards the house (Lok Sabha).
This was more of a feasibility study:
, were incarcerated in the Cellular Jain in 1916 .
Guided - use entire disk
is it attends to details.
an absolutely astonishing amount of energy.
Capacity utilisation has been just about 50 per cent .
There is an active process on this terminal.
The device's existing connection was assumed
will be able to crack in the future.
can be seen in dictionary cum English meaning.
So I was ready, and I was really excited.
To prepare the technique for Indian politics.
So this direction in the street
it should be short enough to arouse interest,
Adds movie properties to the sidebar
but I'm going to try.
Even last year, I ended up hiking up Mt. Kilimanjaro,
Because one cup of food a day
and my sister's hair fell out in clumps,
Double click on the folder called keyrings.
Gautama Buddha - in view of other religions
Move backward between windows immediately
Size of areas outside the widget's allocation to draw
Drropodi was insulted in Royal meeting.
Nationality does not matter . Results matter .
And the stated goal was to increase popular support
and leaves the actual text
Label for the tab containing custom widgets.
These are the nomad girls
and contemplating the Earth from outside its perimeters, etc.
” Three and two make five .
His mind was perturbed and he wanted peace .
get a full taste of that.
IIFA Award for Best Actress
we are on track to achieve our goals.
The Government saw advantages for itself as well .
in the playground, or mum or father?
Show process 'Resident Memory' column on startup
The chess engine is from gnuchess.
Akbar has released gold, silver and bros currencies.
The camera is actually not only understanding your hand movements,
What powers do inspectors have ?
And that's going to keep happening.
Faces , words , the voice .
Certificate revocation list expired: %s Issuer: %s
because they're hearing from their girlfriends
National Accreditation Board for Testing and Calibration Laboratories
There was an error creating the folder “%B”.
Let's start with why this is important.
that cells like these will help us find a cure.
Local printer detected by the Hardware Abstraction Layer (HAL).
Error: '%s' argument is missing.
in Brahman history, poem sentences are about 10,000 numbers
Do not overwrite newer files
before I brush my teeth, I open my notebook.
is an adolescent online right now.
Choosing Residential and Nursing Home Care
you are given the name of the catering manager;
Preparations for Deepawali start many weeks in advance.
most dynamic and young photographers,
Really, we have two separate concepts
it only had to be better
Players make Rs 50,000-60,000 per tournament .
List of Bollywood films of 2013
Well, the answer to that question,
cross-border integration is close to complete,
And thank you for being here, just showing up
'%s' is not a valid message catalog.
Which leads to the last topic:
to facts about the conscious experience -
Please refer to the help for further information.
The volume “%s” has only %s disk space remaining.
Consider first the genetics of the MN blood groups .
And we know from his contemporaries
and then everyone sits around in a circle like this,
of about eight of my projects,
It has the improving fundamentals.
During Akbar's period,the Mughal Empire was
“”Why should we be angry at the world“”
The place was also called ' Kappadisangama ' .
if you cannot measure it, it does not exist.”
Information about Dr. Hari Vamsh Rai Bachan in short poem
International Mobile Station Equipment Identity
Hostname '%s' is too long for SOCKSv5 protocol
So what happens when you leave your lab
Open the contents of the File System
Centuries have passed away but Quran is still a miracle
these schools are either Marathi or English medium.
Failed to store mail in temp file %s: %s
In 2009 Dr.Stiphan had launch “”Wolfram Alfa“”
This sent shivers up my spine.
Number of units for determining when to hide tasks
Festival where Hindi Text is converted into Speech ( Download)
National Law School of India University
that could extrude these complex net forms
look like pictures of humans, of insects,
When he comes to the net,
you get taken advantage of
Size of the chat window
Not a boolean value: %s
You need to add subquestions to this question
because it is breathed into being by human consciousness.
It's the end of the conversation for intelligent design creationists.
Choose file to be added to the Library
the auditory areas light up,
Save debugging information for troubleshooting
(“... and I am a Wilderness Explorer in Tribe 54.”)
Beep when a modifer key is pressed
Subhash Babu tried a lot to compromise after the conference.
For example, you can find it from some phone numbers
User-to-user screen sharing, perfect for remote technical support.
suffer from some developmental disorder.
And these metals accumulate as minerals
citizens have self-organized political protests and
The text buffer to add undo support on
Oh no! Something broke while Chrome was downloading the file.
significantly higher than anyone else.
WHAT EXPERIENCE ADN QUALIFICATIONS DO I NEED?
Whether the surface should match the allocation
were ruled by authoritarian governments
Sub Title :- Food and Beverage
Save directory for alarm audio
Al Gore: You have no idea. (Laughter)
Start Haguichi minimized in the notification area
And their leaders, their leaders:
Which she named as Meera Mandir.
because that's not how I feel.
Respiration rate ranges from 16 to 18 per minute .
of the best machine learning programs that we have now.
Amravati Mandal: national language Dainik newspaper in(Hindi)of Vidarbha.
Bhishma lie on the bed of arrows
Do I have to leave?
Choose a device for sound output:
Can't use -all-entries with -get or -set
Evolution is currently offline due to a network outage.
This is main center of social, religious, and city life.
United Nations system's work on climate change for a gateway
and that power without love
Tool (online) of converting devnagri to Urdu script
at Saturn, with the Cassini Spacecraft,
and making sure buildings are kept clean and tidy .
is the characteristic length of the robot.
Including drawops “%s” here would create a circular reference
that they are in a trance in this regard.
Extract the selected archive in the current position
Science is not a thing. It's a verb.
But when we live in a denser community,
Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group
who love what they do
Wallet (2 x 3 in.)
3. Addition or allotment of funds from contingency/ reserves.
Stop the volume associated with the open folder
of the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta in northern Colombia.
is cut in half in their lifetime
The world I envision for her -
which changed our lives forever,
Select and exit to run.
Print version information and exit.
“%s” could not be opened (%s)
Sir jj school of arts is mumbai's ancient arts college
a hard place to grow up.
run gcompris with sound enabled.
or saying wait until you're older,
I tasted the crackers. Eww, yuck.”
set up emergency procedures; <s> provide adequate first-aid facilities;
Pictures of Red Fort in Delhi
Invalid password, please try again
is doing the edge recognition and also the color recognition
Failed to create RootDevice for %s. Reason: %s
so 250 rupees for a test match,
Signing key not in keyring.
When I do a trick at a party -
How to find out more
there are people who represent
Select a file to open
And there's actually a cortical arousal we're looking at,
In 1999, when Global Witness called
is why China has grown so much faster
Show two pages at once
He went beyond communism and discovered radical humanism .
System policy prevents enabling or disabling WiMAX mobile broadband devices
Failed to retrieve the preconfiguration file
she passed away on 2nd march 1949
Bills for gas electricity , telephone etc .
English rulers lati charged the protesters.
Host is unreachable from SOCKS server
during his chairmanship he took such decisions in this direction
Join and create local networks over the Internet
Active devices for the RAID0 multidisk device:
after you what will happen is indicated
But these apps are like little digital reminders
And if you just go and take a look
This option can't be set if Anonymous answers are used
needs to be shown to the world outside -
[ the storage of food and medicine ]
Who was this new malcontent ?
. The soil in suburban area is lumpy & alluvial.
But the more natural comparison
Indian cultural legacy is very rich.
without numbing the affects, our emotions.
is to ensure people can get enough food.
Can't find subdomain profiles in %s.
For further copies please write to:
GTD,Knowledge of terrorism,inheritor of above.
and I imagine he had nothing more
Condolence messages poured into 13 , Mohini Road .
The two documents you selected are the same.
You may wish to <a href=“update”>update this installer</a>.
3.Within the limits of scrutiny by parliament.
Alwar was made its capital.
Delete this user from group
First batsman to have scored 13000 runs in test cricket
Valid from $1%{START_DATE_TIME} to $2%{END_DATE_TIME}
Allow writing to the image
he followed his wife & never used polygamy
What is required are political confidence-building measures .
by a really convincing way of saying it.
So dearth of data in the debate is one reason.
I've spent the last five years
and the tough ones show up for a reason.
Click to choose an icon
view them as quaint and colorful
Cannot add folder, failed to add to store's summary
of all the interesting things that could tell them something
that Leonardo was a very handsome, even beautiful man.
in a pre-digital culture, those of us over 25.
as well as our outward connections.
you can actually get a local eradication.
Addition memory game against Tux
Logo individual image time in ms
What I would like to offer here is a challenge.
even if you don't feel it.
Chroma for the base image
is to build a facility where I can study this.
This frame was blocked because it contains some insecure content.
Here a community camp just organized
Look at what their parents says.
Indian Institute of Public Administration
And the Volvo is doing quite fine.
There's a group of people that have come forward -
Your gateway is not connected to the internet.
Do I have to leave ?
-LRB- He does not usually recommend financial compensation . -RRB-
[They were immigrants, newcomers ready to make their mark]
List of Indian timber trees
But that's obviously not enough.
Modules ($1%{TOTAL_COUNT}) - Known conflicts: $2%{BAD_COUNT}, suspected: $3%{SUSPICIOUS_COUNT}
in the realm of biological diversity -
The PMO cancelled the CCEA meeting .
you would make this with the palmyra leaf.
because it's a very live issue, and our lawyers
Must be why she 's now directing Esha herself .
Failed to start Rygel service: %s
In 1995, Sachin Tendulkar got married to married Anjali Tendulkar.
and made a wonderful prediction when he saw it.
Sound (Text to Speech)- Dhvani TTS
The web database quota of the security origin in bytes
Phone no : 0114 259 3290
What do you want to make me do ?
Participate in a live encounter with Museum scientists .
English has a lot of R's and L's
“But,” I hear you say,
Select the images you want to save:
I completely lost my head . ”
and it's exactly done as it should be, is impossible.
and flip between them, one after the other,
Margin of a channel while reading data.
To get JSA you must have a Jobseeker's Agreement .
You know, the number one organ of ridicule
Dr. Razem: Don't listen to them.
Muslims do not believe that Islam is a new faith.
He found out why : his house was flooded .
to show the world the true colors of Lebanon
The queue '%s' is rejecting jobs.
Reviews may be needed :
Are stones vulnerable to leprosy ?
The 'ethos' of the school
Nepal is of length 800km ans width 200km.
Some goods have manufacturers' guarantees .
Disabled - Delete current question
only that which is truly unique and unexpected
done in 2001 or before that.
which breaks the chains of common thinking.
Why is this review inappropriate?
Why ca n't the finest be the boss ?
an idea that art should live in a hermetic bubble
Current fixed width of the column
My father is at once quick-witted, wickedly funny,
Simulation of image to DVD burning
Could not go offline in the network “{0}”
If you put it in writing :
The location of user directories: [$HOME/My GCompris]
Network name is already taken
Use this sky culture as default
Unsubscribe to the mailing list this message belongs to
3 sahitya lahri - which includes described lines
View items as a grid of icons
But in Niger, for example,
this article in the webpage feed
Group name for tab drag and drop
Well, who was inspired during that time period?
According to this, two classification of each branches are mentioned.
The Exchange server is not compatible with Exchange Connector.
You know why they have their eyes set on it?
Today's Pakistani parts has become witness of many cultures.
The feed does not contain any downloadable items
And thank you chemical processing industry
couldn't contact ORB to resolve existing gconfd object reference
You made me feel like I was somebody,
If you delete a network, it will be permanently lost.
becomes the real threat of the act.
In January 1938 he went to Bengal .
nor the incentives of the marketplace as we've known them.
Expected and Hopeful affect on atmosphere
Incorrect PIN, please try again.
It was a very small village -
Could not display help document
and what are we doing
that you are all actually cyborgs,
It's the largest company in Tanzania.
Uttar Pradesh Madhyamik Shiksha Parishad
Never mind that I knew nothing about places like Namibia.
Couldn't import keys from file: %s
” Father of our nation !
I'm here to share my photography.
I think I can make a guess now.
IPv4 configuration is not allowed for bonding slave
Font description as a string, e.g. “Sans Italic 12”
After 500 BC many independent countries were formed.
Preparing to copy %'d file (%S)
Carbon dioxide (CO2), is a greenhouse gas emitted during burning.
If certain benefits stop because of work
Fetch song lyrics from the Internet
to manage her period days.
AIM Work Screen Name 3
Select a square region of the image.
And it seemed an endless wonder .
Because all I had read were books
the number of slogas in bhavishyapuran is 14,000
Human body is perishable, but soul never perish.
His opinion on disinvestment was ditto .
Because of this, the first union made for Rajasthan Unity.
in the starting macci was having small speeches/ stories
HH: Thank you very much.
Create an empty file '%s'
The world's largest production of raw jute happens here.
from the drudgery that people have.
achieved renown in some field.
so let's - I did all this training.
education would be the way that happens.
2004 Western & Southern Financial Group Masters
These people have designs for your resource,
Sent to calendar '%s' as declined
But you can help yourself .
There are markings on many plants
Please enter the new password for this network.
My agency is working closely with Columbia University and others
But here's what really perplexed me.
that I'm going to tell you about.
Papers to support your complaint
We did that in most of the places.
To check your eligibility or rights get leaflet AB11 .
it might look to you, right?
All of that is necessary,
Contents <s> Page <s> Paragraph
Frequency of errors while positioning
The big collection of the Hindi poems
and not everybody needs to go now.
ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup
You have been designated as a delegate for %s
Graph color for iowait related CPU activity
And she's got a very large house.
Save the current search as a file
Precisely what does the VHP want ?
Years later he was to recall this childhood companion :
almost like it were trying
We all heard about the importance of stories yesterday.
and the lower part is what's manipulated.
After Marriage Jodhabai Converted to Muslim and called the Mariyam-Uj-Jamani.
Whether this tag affects the rise
The path of the currently parsed file
So his algorithm tells the robot
Try ‘-l PROVIDER:help' for help.
picture of the child's problems.
Error connecting to daemon: %s
There is 1 question in this survey
Breast Awareness Five - point Code
Logdir %s does not exist or isn't a directory.
Keyboard Shortcuts - Extensions and Apps
Manage your extensions by clicking Extensions in the Window menu.
Mission: Impossible (1988 TV series)
♫ We'll be huggable, get a publicist ♫
Now, it was then much later traded on
All survey language settings meet consistency standards
English to Hindi Translation helping system (online)
Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992
No changes necessary for Auto Format.
Forward hrefs are not supported
Sálim Ali Centre for Ornithology and Natural History
Friendship and money: oil and water.
Winners don't make excuses and they never procrastinate.
Click to start a SMART self-test
is to remind the parties of what's really at stake.
Visit the DETR Supporting People website:
Occurrences when %{SHORT_PRODUCT_NAME} did not shut down correctly
Could not delete the old archive.
you find some more shells.
file '%s', line %d: value for immutable key '%s' ignored.
Unable to disconnect from the server.
His body is in prison, but his mind is free.
Here he is pictured with the “fearsome foursome.”
also listed on the INTERPOL wanted pages,
Timeout until idle user log-out is executed
Image is corrupted or truncated
CA: Well, Philip Anderson may have been right.
Failed to create audio output element; check your installation
But the bureaucracy refuses to accept this .
The problem and why it matters -LRB- Ch1 -RRB-
and everybody else is Chinese.
Cannot change value of calendar property '%s'
So we just walked around,
that they didn't work with children.
The building has 12 gates , 5 with porches .
That was enough. It really got the city behind it.
Kopoma,ti mo cities are in your pockets, gowdemus 2000
from around the world came together
This remarkable play was never staged .
they have implicit coordination across the group.
or at least to avoid thinking about the possibility
who's from a different culture, a different country,
7. Taking a case which will be different from all.
In Arabian language Akbar means 'Great' or big.
and you're seeing billions of galaxies, right, and nodes,
One of the World's most populated country.
In this case, the student is interested in cameras, etc.
there are clinics in the U.S. that will give you
this was something really, really revolutionary.
So quickly, I'd like to just say,
And so, the denominator of Alexander's life was one.
in what I call the highlighter version,
He has never told a lie.
The X server failed. Perhaps it is not configured well.
“ What are you afraid of ?
It is too heavy . ”
The package information was just updated.
Determines pixel width of Search window; stored on Gnote exit.
Please check your account settings and try again.
Mixed and rendered %d tracks into one new mono track
Are you sure you want to revert all changes?
Jargon is a barrier to our understanding of your ideas.
So I decided I'm going to sell this new machine
He was engaged in evolving it from 1944 onwards .
These are the critical control points -LRB- CCPs -RRB- .
of what's happening in the stock market right now,
%s's Recommended Radio: %s percent
to make it better, to make it faster.
He had translated some books into English too.
I wanted to test the limits
that I didn't know I would discover.
Insanity is a case in point .
No palette found at end of PCX data
Blur windows that doesn't have focus
And I'm talking about if you've got a baby now,
Eswar the God is a having the supreme qualities.
arrangements to help you look after your health ;
to slash our product use, slash our transportation use,
Binding to take a screenshot of a window.
There is no appeal against the Ombudsman's findings.
the abattoirs of the human soul as I call them.
Is the person you care for getting enough help ?
and do away with all traffic jams on highways?
&Indentation (tenths of a mm)
And I will share one of the rituals with you.
Sets 2.11∶1 (DVB) aspect ratio
<%s> provided but parent <entry> does not have a value
and teaching them about breastfeeding.
they were actually voting on ideas,
Out with the filthy Jews !
Default application for '%s': %s
in the peak of the Siberian winter.
Now Siria's governor Muyaviyaarji revolted.
by the prose of the priesthood;
{0} came online in the network {1}
He is the highest run scorer batsman.
that we sometimes call petri dishes.
Three types of literatures are available in Hindi.
SERVICES FOR PEOPLE WITH HIV/AIDS
that the world will remember.
in what we can do.
Now, he tries E again, and that doesn't work.
in less than half a second.
Push the breast gently and carefully .
%{PEPPER_PLUGIN_NAME} on %{PEPPER_PLUGIN_DOMAIN} wants to access your device.
Do you really want to delete this label set?
Do you wish to continue converting remaining mails?
Creation of Surdan in Sensation
y value was %d, %d was expected
Open all files of type “%s” with
Display notification when the connection is lost
What did they matter ?
A similar spirit pervaded the whole society .
massively parallel human tissue models helping to revolutionize lab testing,
Thread priority setting is ignored.
so the government is compel for release him.
Set position of the window:
only after meeting your physiological needs and other needs
You go for a walk in the footsteps of Abraham.
Business Team 4 (Employers O-R)
It's kind of a trade off between thinking and social.
Ask your doctor or nurse .
“We use your videos to flip the classroom.
Nautilus cannot handle this kind of locations.
Your responses table will be renamed to:
and hospitals down the road
The minimum logical font size used to display text.
and inherit business from parents,
Whenever a project depends on other files:
Bengal Engineering and Science University, Shibpur
Origin of Tajmahal and Architecture
So in effect, what? We just accept it.
If enabled, automatically answer incoming calls
AllTray %s, from bzr branch %s rev %s, rev-id %s
The shift in thinking is not without reason .
Atlantic Time - Labrador - most locations
The certificate activation time is still in the future
PPP service failed to start
This is an example from Karen Burg's lab, where they're
The Dark Room (Narayan novel)
that we do here in the U.S.
I mean, yes, it's all of those,
that my poor mother was obligated to read,
And you know that. Americans don't read about this guy.
Many religious books are written about the Ganges.
They sent a message to the kidnappers:
Open Image in New Window
Extremely effective, it really did -
Things do not happen. Things are made to happen.
that would find these entrepreneurs around the world
My mother sent yams and rice,
This is 1950 - those were the industrialized countries,
That's my colleague. He's let it go.
We know that circumcision reduces HIV infection
The boy preferred wine .
in order to understand whether this is true.
to raise the average capability -
Children achieve more when schools and parents work together .
and having a good friend step in to help,
What about the data and communication software
than ever before, and maybe discover drugs even faster.
Error executing filter '%s': %s: %s
contractual disputes between NHS organisations and their suppliers
We can do that with our children too.
%s: Error setting up %s signal handler: %s
Thomas Jefferson National Accelerator Facility
Indian states ranking by underweight people
Appachan: I watch the world wake up every day.
It doesn't matter what your religion is;
the biurocrowd news is an Hindi channel
Alpha transparency value (default 255)
also going back to the Bible.
The contumacious leave it, God break his back
inspired from russia,constitution section 51 -a it has been kept
Bhagirath was the son of King Dileep's second wives son.
Have patience. All things are difficult before they become easy.
Renaming the files in “%s”
When this happened, a part of me thought, well,
What percentage of Shiny Cars use diesel?
from all walks of life.
So they seem to be beautifully suited
GroupWise Home Screen Name 1
that brought it from being just a stupid joke
getting rent from that knowledge
He was the chief person of Akbar's Army |
Try looking at the world through their eyes !
This newspaper is circulated in Delhi and Mumbai|
We should retain those people.
Didn't have a product, but had energy.
And Mantra are able to sing are called 'Sama'
You can help to manage your estate.
Removing temporary back up files
to diagnose what's going on.
<b>%s</b> has replied to a task assignment.
so I told them, “You know what?
Could not load the attachment
Applied effect: Generate Silence, %.6lf seconds
Fake encounters , stray bullets , mistaken identity .
Integrity has no need of rules.
You can't fetch a game while in another game
Houses were built of mud .
One Mecca Part, and another Madina part.
They are great moderators of climate .
Akbar was raja Todarmal's finance minister|
The people of of mecca has surrender and accept Islam.
For more on the trade associations, see page 11.
So imagine white guys pasting white papers.
The webpage at <strong jscontent=“failedUrl”></strong>%{URL} no longer exists.
Save Compressed Project “%s” As...
So I'll show you the next movie.
and they say that perhaps, sometime in the past,
Origin of Kuru generation and coronation of Pandu.
Draupadi's insult and Pandava's exile
Solvents can be an alternative to alcohol.
Only 6.5 km are yet to be demarcated .
The same is true in many other villages .
I just see it as a puzzle of reality
The secular world is full of holes.
GID of user '%s' and of group '%s' don't match.
There was an error creating the snapshot
Dhar ke idhar udhar (1957)
almost a generation older than most of them.
[ time for some thermodynamics ]
Pakistan is a developing country.
to whatever it is you're doing now.
including Jesus Christ, and ending with Muhammad
The situation was changing from day to day .
Everything is being run by computers.
Indico IME[Indico Input Method Extension]
and those who don't -
Mulla -Do- Piaza was also Akbar's Advisor
List of Canadian provinces and territories by area
We need to be realistic.
the new model will replace the old model.
And it's not true of enough people.
We have a problem with marketing in the donor community.
you are aged 60 or over
Drugs and Solvents - You and Your Child
All examples of models changing.
The connection is not opened
Dhrupad and Dhrone were childhod friends.
Zoom the photo to fit on the screen
Unable to load image data
Save to disk (ignore outside changes)
They get no great pleasure from what they do.
Skandgupt (Google Books ; Writer - Jaishankar Prasad)
And then it becomes more.
to draw water from those structures throughout the year.
such as this jar-shaped sign,
A user with name '%s' already exists.
Failed to terminate a thread.
Failed to add data to encoder
This source provide a continuous large scale data which includes
Error: Can't obtain connections: settings service is not running.
A valid destination connection must be selected.
Could not generate random data.
There also existed mutual clashes of interests among them .
and that really wanted to investigate
It includes Salsait islands and remaining part is Thane district.
But he was always interested in gaining knowledge.
I420 - first plane is greyscale
But no doubt part of this
Zoom In (50% to 100%)
not in terms of money,
He was first known for creating giant photo-realistic canvases,
as the animal explores around in its box.
Ganga's prayer on Varanasi Wharf
her children and their children were able to live
You may be able to get income-based JSA .
WHAT WILL I EARN ?
Error creating connection editor dialog.
Delhi was nervous for different reasons .
a request for a synchronous poke transaction has timed out.
Committee on Data for Science and Technology
Pin this page to Start screen...
Sample rate (Hz) 0 - don't change sample rate
Cannot add folder, master source not found
Addresses are on page 91 .
There are some problems associated with solar energy as well.
There was only one variable
Access the page debugger backend
The numeric id for quick access
They're team teaching. They're constantly improving their teachers.
Error reading GConf boolean value '%s': %s
but I think probably one of the most challenging things
Mount volume with device file
This survey has been deleted.
Failed to update connection secrets due to an unknown error.
and reading through hundreds of pages of court documents,
Play ' odd one out games ' .
And we looked at three different types of rooms.
In 1930's and 1940's Hockey was at its peak.
Indians prestige is one million staffs of human world.
National Institute of Technology Meghalaya
Absolutely to the last inch,
I've tried to get better at everything I tried.
they have introduced village elections.
List of awards conferred on Satyajit Ray
some stay it as baluchi.
to do things together effectively.
Failed to get source information: %s
We got to the final, and then this moment,
obviously are not a problem any more.
the Government spending over £50 million each year.
All followers of these religions were termed as “”Dhimmis“”
Staff will be concerned if they do not hear anything.
of a bright future for their daughters,
The audio device is busy. Is another application using it?
Could not load javascript '%{RELATIVEPATH}' for content script.
Thank you. Thank you. (Applause)
Swami Vivenakandaji went there as a representative of India.
Krishnawarta : Story of lord Shri Krishna
These settings affect chroma transformation modules.
Error parsing parameter %d of type ‘%s': %s
Does terrorism work, meaning, does it achieve its perpetrators' objectives?
His proses were against Muslim culture and cow killings.
which is an environmental organization that wanted to stop
It turned out that Justin was almost
State Cabinet collectively responsible to the State Legislative Assembly
Food safety - your responsibility
There is also a rural entrepreneurial revolution in China.
The widget the menu is attached to
That was where they met .
Temporal luma strength (default 6)
PROPFIND on webdav failed with HTTP status %d (%s)
Delay between keypress and pointer movement:
New Deal for people aged 50 plus
And who 's Miss Marple ?
to save a living creature,
The fun part is, I'm going to the Boston metro,
could get close to the Internet.
and changing the world with your ideas.
where they work long, hard hours
For more information, contact your local council.
Provide chat room specific message histories
Require clients to use encryption
Unable to start new display
Laws of procedure and of evidence were laid down .
Yet beyond the tantrums and the frustration
They should , therefore , be understood and mastered .
Pantke sau patra (100 letters from pant) (1970)
Name (as printed on card):
{player} has joined the game
Gnyaneswari - Gnyanewar Maharaj translated Geeta from Sanskrit to Marathi.
Default list of columns visible in the list view.
We will all have high highs
He scorned the whole business .
Choose a different CUPS server
American Lung Association of New England about Air quality
So immerse yourself in it .
In 1955 he was honored with Bharat Ratn.
Use %A for address and %N for nickname
You learn swimming by swimming.
- Cesare Beccaria, philosopher and politician (1738-1794)
Can't save log contents to file.
In 13 and 14 century osmani's rulers(1299-1924)effects were increasing.
or, “reigned himself in by compassion.”
(1)Hotugan, (2) Adhvaryugan, (3) Udratugan, and (4) Bramhagan.
You shall describe your planet to me ! ”
There were endless stories of Mexicans
You've all heard about things like Stuxnet.
All right, here it is backwards,
This is your outward purity ;
the future of humanity is entitled to make that choice.
this looks like another very aggressive bee,
Whether the device has a cursor
These are two different cleaning robots
Gandhiji was also attacked at some place.
Would you like to reset all settings under “<b>%s</b>”?
%s of %s - %s
Richard Feynman was a very complex man.
Although he was an atheist, he passionately studied theology.
Amendment of the Constitution of India
Error generating Google Wallet Virtual OneTime Card
One more difficulty crops up.
Crown Copyright , 2002 : All rights reserved .
On his way, Rama emancipated Ahilya, wife of Sage Gautam.
it's the friends, the allies,
and they are contributing hugely to the society.
Add www. and .com and open address
That was like just so super cool.
to why India is today growing
And that process takes about two hours.
aid tends to accentuate ethnic tensions
Could not write pilot's Memo application block
“ Because … because I love you !
Libvirt connection does not support storage management.
They wanted us to be concerned about social issues.
who have done some extremely interesting work,
Driver needed for your disk drive:
I said, “Well, do it.”
1926, Kurt Lewin, founder of social psychology,
Let's try - computer and Hindi.
He noticed her and asked :
as I thought it would have been.
And I believe this change in the mindset,
Some fighters , the Wehrmacht .
“ Because of me … ” she interrupted .
Canal - E - Bhish
came to England from Kuwait.
Reconnect automatically when the connection is lost
and it was taken out in the Senate
We don't know what any of these symbols mean.
This theme suggests a background:
therefore Nehru thought of New Delhi as an un-Indian city.
How do I find out more? 21
B is nearer but is a weak fielder .
&Low disk space at program start up
So let's compare the old world with the new world.
And I tell you stories from there.
and letting students have a self-paced lecture at home,
GConf server is not in use, shutting down.
Choose a location to save screenshot images
It was the second Civil War of Islam.
Unable to rename '%s' to '%s'.
Choose a playlist to be loaded
It's okay to take yourself a little less seriously,
Bill came to pass deadlock
It's like trying to run into a brick wall.
and none of it made any sense to us.
National Council for Teacher Education
Amba: Shikhandi was princess called Amba in previous life
that if a child in its first thousand days -
and I'm being both very respectful and completely impious -
Literature of the Dalits (downtrodden)
If you're seeing this frequently, try these %{HELPLINK}.
All those difficulties and troubles will come forth.
List of free and open-source software packages
Instead of using electrical motors, electromechanical actuators,
There are no recently chosen colors.
But, what makes Voodoo so interesting
Aged 16 or over ?
This is an Oxford-trained economist
We're about to take a break in a moment.
Number two, all of The 99,
designed by a mathematician at Harvard in 1928,
Vatmiki-Ramayan is in the Computer.
about a billion people on Earth -
Parashuram: Meaning Arthat Parush's Ram|
And for many of us, our fortunes do indeed lie
Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides
Preparing to upload updates to server...
Hostname '%s' is too long for SOCKSv4 protocol
Message from chat room %s
You will need to prepare any necessary record sheets .
Bull's stomach has blown up.
doesn't mean dramatic upheaval in your life.
but making sure the mothers have enough enrichment,
It looked like this :
to look at the heart.
From these interludes come deep insights
There was an error loading the theme %s
ii protection of the interests of merchants ;
Are you sure you want to delete this meeting?
but I cannot recall a day without it.
so like this Ramayana has been structured
listen to and act on people's views and needs;
The Arab accepted them without a word .
It is at a distance of 35 kms from Agra.
The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King
And each one of them are excelling
We have forgotten ourselves .
but we still didn't put enough troops on the ground.
Premchant do many experiment to achieve the top of art.
(Video) Arthur C. Clarke: And they can definitely
When does this happy consummation take place ?
the next two dharodhar are agra fort and fathepur sikri
we could put polio fatigue
It's not change or technology
Hindi's development mainly started from Delhi,kannoj,and Ajmer
Select which types of files are shown
This file could not be played.
Continue allowing %{HOST} to access your camera
and say, “Well, there is nothing for the Dalai Lama
is a father who recognizes the value in his daughter
A lot of people making a lot of money, billion,
and reject data that contradicts our beliefs.
Their understanding took time to develop .
The pain of Tibet can be impossible to bear,
List of cities and towns in California
This numbers are found mentioned in Maharshi Patatrajali's mahabhashya.
Failed to link GStreamer pipeline; check your installation
Anupam Mishra: No, the basic idea is to
We need, you know, 30 days on 1,000 processors
creating different sorts of spaces and uses
Sur's lesson one ( another 40poems lesson)
This book will remains in its original form till annihilation.
Your project has not been saved.
.In Rajya sabha there is a provision of nominating members
The secret to peace is us.
We have arrived somewhere. We are thinking big.”
And so we met Dr. Sono Khangharani in Pakistan.
To understand the business of mythology
with an industrial fishnet factory,
Offering prayer to Ganga on the Varanasi Ghat
Part 5, Section 2, Parliament.
Do not show character count in editor
Modules (%{TOTALCOUNT}) - No conflicts detected
But the trouble with the philosophers
Failed to set IV for encryption.
Failed to start new stream
While I was absent from Iran,
Switch to workspace above the current workspace
The group could not be changed.
Special boot parameters for the bootstrap system.
The string displayed in the child's menu entry
It was not a blind for self-deception .
History of the Arabs (book)
No logical volume name entered
India's foreign exchange reserve is US$265 Billion(March 2009).
he can't do a thing to it.
Mumba is annual temprature ranges from highest to lowest.
the result can be quite beautiful
It is best to give water before feeding .
Error when fetching policy settings from the server: %{CLIENTERROR}.
Dynamic module loading is not supported. gcompris cannot load.
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants
Default storage format for new disk images.
based on our different experiences.
and what they found was
History of the Hindu-Arabic numeral system
is precisely why it's so easy to quote -
Toggles whether the To field is displayed
Throw darts at a target and count your score.
President is the supreme of the central government.
Whether to enable the XSS auditor.
Some associations have both .
The requested URI Scheme is not supported.
The word or phrase to find in the document
Duplicate entry ‘%s' in ‘%s', ignoring
Hindus begin offering prayers .
List of awards conferred on Satyajit Ray
Calibration and profiling software is not installed.
there are many historical stories with ganga river
It was built around the 14th century, when Mughals attacked.
Are there any people here under the age of 25?
“ But - what are you doing here ? ”
All ego, all the hatred will go away
But when we began to bring more money,
from about 12 conflicts a decade ago,
When was the last time you were called childish?
Where in 1560 b.c she merged in Krishna,s idol.
The widget where the window is attached
Export canceled after exporting the following %ld file(s).
You'll never see an ad like that,
In his first stage this party over tothe Karachi.
So the idea was there.
If you cannot get SMP
starts going, “15, 14, 13.”
it moves this way over here.
we just don't do that outside.
Failed to get log level from configuration: %s
The elephant is constitutionally a beast of burden .
This is a newspaper ad.
Never think it will be less cold outside your home.
and the youth is not lost
IPv6 unsupported on point-to-point links
because knowledge is an important part of wealth creation.
Further down, you start getting into algebra one, algebra two,
is focused on student-to-teacher ratios.
22 . Ideas under consideration include :
Answer was less than or equal to
Please enter the new password for this network.
His practice starts from love.
and we don't even do justice in the knowledge market.
Are you very cross because I … ? ”
Width of process 'Control Group' column
The proxy host does not support SOCKS5
You can insist on having your money back in full.
And that shows 400 years of evolution in society,
Name of the font family, e.g. Sans, Helvetica, Times, Monospace
on signs and posters ;
After few months, he was released.
Connection sharing via an open WiFi network
and it was starting to become clear
Sage Vyas: The great epic Mahabharath's writer|
They were part of her world .
the only book I've ever found
Color by distance from the first atom.
But that will be temporary .
“We are what we eat,” could easily be described
something we always tell our students to avoid.
Request a running Evolution process to quit
You say, “Okay. But walking around the neighborhood,
Move %d item back to trash
Surat runs the risk of becoming a new casualty .
She was just waiting .
Tsingy de Bemaraha Strict Nature Reserve
trying to figure out what was going on.
Goes to next list item.
You have not provided a survey identification number
And ironically , the Indian shark export industry itself .
who'd been listening for 10 and a half months.
The Constitution of India recognizes the total 23 languages
than we ever would have thought.
Now, we're all about to end this magical, on-the-mountain week,
No one could have performed this duty better !
The initial page setup for the print operation
Cannot get LUKS cleartext slave
Chromium may use web services to improve your browsing experience.
User authentication required for network connection '%s'...
Error: 'dev status': %s; allowed fields: %s
There was no expense cost. Perfect field trip.
They have two main advantages over wheat .
From this now onwards the integration of Rajasthan is completed.
'Dhamayanthi' or 'Naldhamayanthi' is a love story in 'Aranyakaparva'
They can also provide services for you.
It appeals to pity; it appeals to something called charity.
Password dialogs as normal windows
and that has increased the political tensions in our countries
The guidance notes will help you.
It's a children's book about Indian independence -
it was the party of a Hindu God.
and to stop controlling and predicting.
that we don't have the solution for.
but the Japanese did not relent .
Look at the skyline of Shanghai.
Requested mail action aborted: exceeded storage allocation
Kushinara's installer named 'Hinditools' which has Hindi IME is included.
Contact your council 's housing department .
The government of India protested in vain .
%s has canceled the following shared memo:
And then you know what we do? We negotiate.
All the boys of street try to break the pot.
This page is now full screen.
In fact, many of these vehicles
Whether to enable the XSS auditor
and have the animation following it?
Different countries have different approaches to hostage crises .
Maybe not , not yet .
and actually becoming solar engineers.
1st time limit warning CSS style
They really didn't know what to do,
Beep when modifier is pressed
where I lecture on the biological basis of behavior,
are right on top of each other.
You are required to change your password immediately (password aged)
Mahadevi varma's children poems's two compilation have printed.
According to the counting of 2001
What was interesting is that the media couldn't get in.
Owing to Sufis, many got once again attracted towards Islam.
how flexible the Koran is,
And they got here in the late 1960s.
String giving the current state of the printer
And what the teacher does is literally just say,
to the vitality and the whole economy.
Why should either be jealous of the other ?
Please download %s from the Market or the OpenIntents website.
and a total stranger, perfect stranger,
This style is rich in colors and looks.
And that made so much of a difference
category : rivers of India
Instead of just scoffing at this heresy
Kudalasangama is a small village in Bijapur district .
or whenever you want to tap into a superpower
Housing Benefit or Council Tax Benefit
It describes the Revenue Raising for future expenditure
where you just measure outcomes, how many cattle fell down,
And that's also modernized today,
I do lots and lots of flying,
That's exhilarating if you're doing well,
and then reactivating boundary cells
Set a specific SPSS export scale type for this question
Summary and folder mismatch, even after a sync
as well as their uses -
Connection does not support storage management.
Timeout for marking messages as seen
and the foot by which he or she walks,
Allow local system administrator login
Ages 5 to 6 : Teaching your child
The first half of high school
or will create about a half a billion dollars,
Could not remove old autosave file:
Use , and . keys to page a candidate list
Something smooth struck him in the race .
Telephone : 020 7490 1555
Prompt while marking multiple messages
I realized there was something just extraordinary about Feynman,
when we get very far out, looks very regular,
Failed to convert object to IOR
half of the world is pushing
The main vision of Vedas is giving spiritual knowledge.
He's number 76 in the picture.
And one day - I don't know what happened -
it's impossible not to talk about Pakistan.
You must not obstruct inspectors .
because the next thing he knows, he hears the pop.
No images in this directory.
thanking us for the valiant effort displayed
Zoom Out (100% to 50%)
the prisoner's dilemma and the tragedy of the commons.
I tried a really hard one then.
CA: And you made it out of what?
could not connect to the system bus.
just becomes a bad man with a bad message.
Like when you do a web search for images,
You can decide who that will be .
“ I want you here . ”
paragraph unselected up from cursor position
What would it look like?
step outside of your tiny, little world.
I would demand that this government must go .
has been developing a series of inventions
Error reading data from cache.
The sister who had done that brave deed
Cannot find filename or size tag
the works of mahadevi were poems and essays
Cannot get the official hostname
The specified location is not supported
what to write in the sequel.
Help Prevent your children using drugs
(1)The Rigveda-contains the mantras useful for good actions.
It's when everybody is able to take them for granted.
to a wall or a boundary to the east,
that people wrote on this wall.
List of airports by IATA code: K
Decide exactly what you want .
in the same room where the Yugoslav war crimes tribunal
all powered on that coal.
Error getting schema at '%s': %s
India at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Unable to correct missing packages
And some 10 years ago,
Board of Secondary Education, Rajasthan
In a limited time, count the number of dots
the boundaries that we want in our life.
Out of this 85% are Sunni and 15% are Siya
His father Mr. Vishwanath datt belives in western culture.
I would try to address the thorny issue
And the idea was to sort of contrast
Television started covering cricket. For a long time
I had let my tools drop from my hands .
Number of photos in burst mode
The first one is that these little 18 month-old babies
Prompt: '%c' for help, default=%d>
you save a whole bunch of money up front.
and he is male, but he isn't white.
Have some sense , boy . ”
Life story of Amitabh Bachchan
{0} joined the network {1} and {2} other network
It has to totally surrender.
1.Administering the oath to the members of Parliament.
Law, Terrorism and Homeland Security A collection of articles
Dhrone is a kind of a role
So we have new designs
NE Brazil (MA, PI, CE, RN, PB)
Crash reporting is not available in Chromium.
It's a way of thinking about things.
And I thought, I'll test them. They'll get a zero.
There are 2 of 6 possibilities.
construction going on along a busy road.
Google Talk Work Name 2
The desired width of the button widget, in characters.
Minimum time between emptying the junk on exit, in days.
Y offset, down from the top.
Whether this tag affects line wrap mode
Tokens problem - token table missing
And it's not just Internet or no Internet.
See Home Responsibilities Protection (HRP) on page 10.
of the situation we're going through.
It looks like a hair dryer from Mars.
How to develop an Assured Safe Catering system
According to Buddha Religion is this:
And its post-summit conclusion ?
What can he say ?
potential new planetary systems around other stars.
The following conditions should be deleted
and the possibilities of experience
Path of the device in sysfs
the border of all this mountains touches many countries
they will begin to flourish.
This task list will be removed permanently.
No. That is … yes .
would have been Pradeep Kumar.
in this case, this obstacle is more than three times
she reminds us of our mother.”
Enable App Launcher OSX app bundle.
to create a dry mist
Add, remove or edit answer options
List of quadrangles on Mars
What they look at is the most important thing.
Please return them to your pharmacist for safe disposal .
Unable to locate the command to execute
Could not parse PEM-encoded private key
because then other insects bite that point.
and figure out what's actually happening in the market.
with a set of rich country diseases.
There are many where this paradigm can now play,
in 1937 japan attacked china.
The absolute path of the icon database folder
You are now connected to the CDMA network.
we can see that the data is speaking to us.
Oriya Mahabharata ; Part-1 (Google book)
all of these characteristics in spades.
First is: Where do we get inspiration?
two G.I. Joes painted to look like Spider-Man
who has to help his family during the day,
Did you mean to go to %{SITE}?
Could not leave network “{0}”
I love life because what more is there.
Woman Grandmaster : how illustrious is that ?
listen to tapes of books and songs
and, most of all, by the failure of our politicians
Indian News Service - National News Agency
that had kept two types of people apart
There's so much we can absorb.
No legacy is as rich as honesty.
It's like someone who has a serious illness
Bodhnath is Nepal's biggest Stupa.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (film)
The Social Fund see page 28 .
This account has been deleted. (%s)
RSS/Atom feed '|' (pipe) separated URLs.
after this, Mecca's political and
this was the reason we got along so well.
complete with multiple organ systems to be able to test
getting these models to be adopted for drug discovery.
Warning on Global Climate Change
Of course, mapping is one of those really obvious applications
Extracts from his statement are given below :
of Sprite, Fanta or Coke was sold,
Average rms = %.1f dB.
Help directory “%s” not found.
we insist that the robots be agnostic
Couldn't set acct. mgmt for %s
And naturally Badruddin 's was a losing battle .
If they are stuck, first: <s> pause, then
and another group of babies who had just audio exposure
For a typical workflow, a normal precision profile is sufficient.
it's actually become a question
are also used for generating visual imagery
- Hartley Shawcross, Barrister (1902-2003)
It wants to talk to all the insurgent groups .
Do not show any images
Do not allow any site to show popups
and in the '60s it was gluing mirrors
as a percentage of the total.
Pixel size to use for named icon
But let me settle down first .
Use the tips to solve a puzzle.
And a hoarse voice .
He can say to himself :
- General George S. Patton
The second thing he said was that,
This is called as Muslim Agricultural Revolution.
Nothing says “I love you”
Battle between kaurab and pandab like battle between gients
We respond to stories more than data.
But if you do need to talk about something,
Cannot be changed (survey is active)
This stupa is known as Bodh in Nepali.
when I asked the students to go to the polls.
There in only Indian Citizenship
Run Gnote as a GNOME panel applet.
Thus there are many Ramayanas.
They could not take any more of this.
And I think there are clearly right answers to that.
Oil and Natural Gas Corporation
List of Indian federal legislation
There wasn't any real risk, but people were scared.
Of course, criminals can respond.
List of Governors of Bihar
The gromit binary was not found.
though there is no electricity in most of the villages.
right in this time period.
And if that's not enough,
I noticed that the house numbers don't go in order.”
which has a long history associated with Abraham.
By nature, Bhagatsingh was not in favor of bloodshed.
like these with tissue-engineered bone to see how cancer
And my favorite example of that
at the end of my last talk.
to produce a product in the same way
A GUIDE FOR 6 TO 10 YEAR-OLDS
While all the brothers were busy
All the people eagerly await Diwali.
Accessibility features can be toggled with keyboard shortcuts
Empress Noorjehan had got built the tomb of Itemaadulla.
A strict follower killed Ali Rji at that time.
%(count)d Orca shortcut for %(application)s found.
the whole Nepal consist on 1471481 kilometers
7 . The human costs were faced by :
There must be a place in the world
Ignore questions with a priority less than:
Area wise pakistan is at 34th positin in world.
The Social Fund see page 12.
Cannot set initrd without specifying a kernel path
had a load of ham,
Save a playlist to a file
Include all networks created by this client
so the kids are bringing laptops with them everyday,
Our cities, I would put to you,
that bird gained rebirth as kakbhushandi
these past 20 years, and before,
So we raised this 45,000-lb. steel ring.
How to claim see page 30 .
And it's maturing up to the present time.
which is known as ganga dolphin and iraodi dolphin
You know, stuff which I don't know anything about.
according to the Wall Street Journal.
The police tried hard to unravel the mystery of killing.
women there play a hugely important role
It's too complex and difficult to change.
They've gone back and they've gotten their Master's of Education.
Jatakas make many references to how these republics functioned .
The address is in the Yellow Pages .
Outermost element in text must be <text_view_markup> not <%s>
Two years ago here at TED
Obama then detailed his support within four specifically Jewish contexts.
of an Arab Muslim living in Iraq.
Enable submission of documents to %{CLOUD_PRINT_NAME}
Because this can be taken for advertising,
A door slammed in the distance .
Error while opening audio output device %s
Can you imagine saying that?
to make my dreams come true.
This is one way to do it.
I was the second volunteer on the scene,
But he gave me a cup of tea.
Trijata consoled Seeta when Ravana returned.
What can I expect from my council? 14
thinking, “Now there will be no cars
we are moving closer to understanding our collective humanity.
He looked round before striking a match .
What ' s the matter ?
that we keep being given
Then they would see what next .
The default value is 4 seconds.
Unable to rename “%{FILE_NAME}”. %{ERROR_MESSAGE}
as my film is released -
What is to be done;
text may not appear inside <%s>
'Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar' (Birth:24 April 1973 in Mumbai.
Cannot allocate memory for TGA context struct
Clutter profiling flags to unset
Please enter the same PIN in both boxes.
<span size=“larger” weight=“bold”>Change your password</span>
Are you ready to make the match?
Keep the sacredness of life
This was given to us by NBC Dateline to test.
It's one of those things that stuck in my head.
Dealing with faults and repairs
The media that is good at creating conversations
And they pasted [over] every single portrait of the dictator
.He formed a samaj called Arya Samaj
Lakshmana fought the war with Meghnath and killed him.
Request a delivery receipt for this message
There is less chance of surviving after a heart attack.
and bring them to a larger audience.
I truly understand how that can be daunting.
There are nineteen thousand verses in the GarudaPuran.
Salux Nnactor was next powerful precedeer of Sikondor
Reboot, Halt, Suspend and Custom Command Preferences
And as he grew older, he grew more different,
Find the next occurrence of the phrase
because that's what brings joy to life.
that are digging for things that we've lost
The contumacious leave it, God break his back
Choose a device to configure:
slightly more differently complicated history in the north.
Failed to create local mail storage ‘%s': %s
Lookup in local address book only
and it's made for humans.
I even started to get some hate mail.
which the United Nations High Commission for Refugees
Irrigation of only rabbi crop was possible by this canal.
The tomorrow took a long time to come .
He fell into a restless sleep in her arms .
and treating them as an enemy whom you kill
And we left Karachi one morning before dawn.
is one of the most empowering things you can do.
In a poem he reports to his God :
Download files for this entry
Adds files that have been played to recent files
Tilak was arrested and charged with sedition .
The pace of urbanisation was slowin fact , stagnant .
Sorry, could not change the group of “%s”: %s
No one cares anyway .
Switch to status message list at new message
to improve schooling in India.
Education, human resources are important.
Create a sent item to track information
even the humble Xerox machine
and excite us about your content.
All knowledge of the English language and the English alphabet
Could not leave network “{0}”
Uttara : Daughter of King Virat.
Even this self-comforting attitude does not last long .
because of our taboos around suicide,
Error: %s is not a valid interface name
The Taj Mahal Palace Hotel
is how to do that.
because we at the moment,
Amitabh abstained from commenting on the issue.
by which there's a sort of bridge
So over time, time and space
about the state of leadership in Africa
and this is only the beginning.
These are hundreds of classes.
Time limit timer CSS style
I was watching TV in Paris,
for a behavior equated with doing nothing.
Yamuna meet Ganya in near to left side of Allahabad.
So we live in the boonies.
Whether to enable HTML5 Local Storage support
Displays a list of large objects.
The connection to the server was restored.
I realized clearly that something extraordinary was happening .
the main is the western side of the hill bushes
I can make these the hands of God.
Read error on file '%s'
List of airports by ICAO code: Q
focusing on just one task,
Normally , the senior-most member is chosen .
File does not appear to be a GIF file
Q . Why should Indo-Pak relations hinge on Kashmir ?
Text is too long for a phone number
She did not open her eyes .
Don't show the contact list on startup
Al Gore knows. It's basically everything.
History of modern Hindi poem
Those days are over, never to return.
General Musharraf needs a dialogue with India .
And on this blog, he blogs about his life,
Could not load WiFi security user interface.
hone in on the sphere of influence that matters most.
when an image very similar to this
Please insert '%s' into the drive '%s'
And then he has his own pop album .
there would be no particular point to pushing harder.
I'll just come across it.”
Select an application to view its description.
The very first year, starting when Gagarin went in space,
The NHS now gives you more information than ever before.
%g milliseconds to draw one window frame
is Bill Cheswick's map of the Internet.
Difference = infinite Average rms dB.
On this list all homes must follow the following rulesः
because we had about the same pace of life.
Evaluation - Woman's (Receiver)convenience.... Woman's (Receiver)troubles.... Woman's (Receiver)pleasure
Changes the visibility of the toolbar in the current window
they might still be around.
Laughter is contagious. Passion is contagious.
All others books are called Smrtis
Can't update labels because you are using duplicated codes
like it's already becoming part of your identity?
Category: The lovable and famous poet
When can I appeal to the tribunal ?
Couldn't open session for %s
Finally, think back to this famous scene
Unicode collection of Hindi texts (corpus)
You were responsible for your decision.
Set default live region politeness level to off.
Set the column to use as dynamic row headers.
Secondary schools suffered from two disadvantages .
The password is too short.
You see, what is business
Please give information about dairy business.
which I call “The Uncle Phone.”
But let's face it - there's a lot of bunk,
It was a very beautiful time.
with about 70 seventh-graders - 12-year-olds.
The robots track and they
Its far that factures and disadvantages for kabeer
This fact depends on the estimation.
with the real root of happiness -
Here is a life totally devoted to her children .
people will vote for washing machines.
Error while reading video DVD (%s)
In the literature of Puranas,the “”rebirth“” has beenprioritized.
more responsive to the needs of the poor,
Debug report generation has failed.
and, accordingly, where the mouse is moving.
She looked round desperately .
He is not a loser, though he has lost.
“ Have you ever seen one ? ”
who has rented that little tin shack for 32 years,
Remove an email address from the List
cells do all the work.
General oil refining and industrial activity.
I'd say that countries are increasingly being judged
Let me begin with my parents.
And Purchasing for Progress today is in 21 countries.
14. Was your complaint made in writing?
We've got to start having conversations like this,
Set outfile [tooutfile]. Append everything into given outfile.
And who knows, maybe in another 10 years
because of the overwhelming corruption. That is not the case.
Whether this tag scales the font size by a factor
Mumbai North West (Lok Sabha constituency)
where I'm just like writing
Here are two texts that contain some symbols on them.
Click and drag to edit the samples
He uses every chance he gets to promote good science.
Till 1906 the population of Nagar was approximately 10 Million.
Failed to initialize device %s for capability probing
Cannot send message: one or more invalid recipients
Evolution S/MIME Certificate Management Control
Department of Ayurveda, Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homoeopathy
are going ahead of economical progress.
Optional destination for signal (unique name)
Hamachi version {0} is obsolete
Even the food was stinking of diesel oil .
In the early 19th century,
this is included in the list of UNESCOs world monuments.
You will be told their name .
%d minute until the next break
So as a result, the angular acceleration,
Multi-modal International Cargo Hub and Airport at Nagpur
Kabir Literature : Brief Contemplation [Madhumati]
Bacchan is famous for is imposing voice.
Today we live in a country
List of Indian cities on rivers
One file added to the sketch.
Writing to temporary mailbox failed: %s
and they are embedded inside a matrix of plastic,
many of them we haven't benefited much.
Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence
in the 60s and 70s
Will not monitor file changes
Daddy warned me it would be like that .
Arguably the financial markets have failed us
You can usually get extra money for your family.
Error occurred while saving chapters
Couldn't allocate memory for color profile
Maximum number of intermediate CAs: %{NUM_INTERMEDIATE_CA}
he shown love,respect and bhakti towards his guru
In early 13th century, the Malla dynasty originated.
it's certainly a minority of people.
Your god's an idol, his god is the true god.
And Aretha Franklin was shouting “R-E-S-P-E-C-T,”
The spacing after the paragraph.
“ All my things .
This last may be the least contentious issue .
And so, you're reducing the quality of your data.
that flew us from New Zealand
Guru Granth Sahib is their 200 office and 250 Ssakia
People News: Rural issues related paper
Now, they're all people we've investigated,
Remember my choice for all links of this type.
when a group from Afghanistan
Error setting number of workspaces to %d: %s
with the Chinese character on them.”
Could not load extension icon '%{ICON}'.
we need to synchronize encounters.
File exists but is not a regular file.
This is the most common illegal stimulant .
He was selected as a senate in November 2003
an easy thing and a hard thing.
What are the symptoms of meningitis and septicaemia?
His death was remembered throughout the country.
Delete this photo/video from camera?
But they actually create our reality in a way,
Flash camera and microphone exceptions
Two and five make seven … ”
These kings gathered power in 200 years.
about making this TED Talk.
in the land where Gandhiji went
One hundred, 250 million people
If you scatter thorns, don't go barefoot.
Open Source with proprietary parts
Forced natural height request for the actor
We are living among those men: they're our brothers, fathers,
Remove DC offset (center on 0.0 vertically)
Couldn't locate backend module for ‘%s'
He went, “Dad, this has been the best day
Which service should be used for saving?
and you can see that on YouTube,
Since 2004 he is injured sometimes.
Ram reaches near to Trishyamuk Mountain
And I was shocked to find out that my thinking
Mother, when will the food get ready?
they were influenced by Marx and socialism in favor of
Bhagat singh thereby being immortal for ever.
These tools don't get socially interesting
Derby Museum and Art Gallery
maintaining an open working relationship with those outside Government ;
when you press the trigger.
Nothing will happen with just a bit of luck .
Category: Krishna Kavi Sreyie Branch
Secrets were required, but not provided
And some of the research now is showing
Found the appointment in the calendar '%s'
Don't save any data permanently (implies -no-registration)
Bhabi Mahato in Purulia and Bankura.
We had to worry about the lawyers and so on.
Off (Forced by the system administrator)
Dhuryodhan was the eldest of the Kauravas
The first such accident occurred in 1967 .
Every corners of these areas has been seen.
The number of time the blend will be performed
who's a Scooby Doo addict.
and that something in return is generally nectar.
” I hunt chickens ; <s> men hunt me .
The love for Krishna as primarily evinced in Gopi-leela.
So out of my hospital bed,
This adds video splitters like clone or wall
Where do they do it ?
I finally come - and now, it's the South.
Daddy taught me to dance . ”
Shree Ram Charit Manas - Aranya Kand
Thumb in the last 30 years
Cannot connect to remote server
This can happen when children grow up and leave home.
are wrong to force their wives and daughters
but what she was saying, as you could make out,
Whether to enable support for WebAudio.
Unable to prepare desktop slideshow: %s
She makes the most delicious food
XRC resource: Cannot create bitmap from '%s'.
Those are basic human values.
The Defence Research and Development Organisation
Stage 4 For each catering step :
Image has invalid width and/or height
There have been six major research papers on this.
1. it stands in between social justice
ask the person who's spearheading the effort
List of exceptions to the list of disabled plugins
and we're starting to really kind of crowdsource this navigation.
The harsh voice brought him up short .
in the days when it was still a hardship post.
essentially says you can endure differences of caste, creed,
It's got love, joy, happiness,
Then let your child lead you across .
Phone : 0114 259 4074
Notice That You Must Leave (92 HUG 220)
He also has the option to withdraw it .
Expand images to fit screen
much beyond the U.S. troops' withdrawal.
Central Institute of Tool Design
I had a ticket for the flicks … ”
Marathi film occupation is also situated in Mumbai.
Connect to the drive associated with the open folder
Joined %.2f seconds at t=%.2f
and my dream is to take this issue,
Slider starts at the middle position
Their bungalows were barrack-like large rooms surrounded with verandahs .
The password entered is incorrect.
Continued on the next page
%{BEGIN_LINK}Learn more%{END_LINK} about this problem.
But the tail end, the Jaisalmer area,
101 - 103 Oldham Street
He ahs given his great ideas and expressions to Hindi.
Tajmahal or Tehomahalay - An analysis
Are you sure you want to save '%s'?
no version of human morality
Here are eight simple guidelines for a healthy diet:
in a way that can actually scale
User authentication required for ethernet network connection '%s'...
Start the volume associated with this folder
Could not parse PGP message: %s
Whether we should smooth the history data in the graph.
Migrates user settings from GConf to dconf
He has gone to sleep … ”
loss or theft of your belongings ;
that, of course, these aren't just running through the market.
where the entire revenue of the Afghan state
No road is long with good company.
Resize to twice the video size
Google is a very big company.
Premchand is the author of the Hindi literature era|
%d package will be upgraded
- Steve Jobs, Founder, Apple
They are happy. They don't have problems.
No quotas have been set for this survey
in his words'hum kisi me prakat bhay ramanand chetaya“”
This is what you see.
The Museum is an international resource .
To say Dhamma , friendship requires more than compassion
Target file is a directory
Select a file to use for text subtitles
States of India by installed power capacity
Whether the animation should loop when it reaches the end
And getting this idea during winter,
some of you just sat up.
he also welcomed european style along with devoleping faarsi paintings
Unexpected server response from xover: %s
The second thing I'd like to talk about:
He did not know how to answer her .
Chromium is now importing the following items from %{BROWSERCOMPONENT}:
Permission to activate/deactivate a survey
Information abour Raipur , Chhattisgadh, news paper and directory (Unidoced)
more than two-thirds of African countries have had
We needed something to hold the net up
{0} came online in the network {1}
Sachin Tendulkar is god for Indian cricket.
Choose your display target white point
Every Veda has four parts
Please match the requested format.
And so more and more walkers have come.
Keep with file when moved
produced by TED which tells you how to do it.
Do you want to install %{PRODUCTNAME}?
Copying audio data into project...
Both became alerted after Dutt's advice.
“No, no, no! It should be The Incredibles.”
about our history as a country.
Nothing ' s going to happen to you . ”
And they've taken out the autoshop class
♫ Friday, Friday. Gettin' down on Friday. ♫
Software updates may be available for your computer.
Her chest rose and fell with emotion .
and we did this little animation.
Seventh stage one November 1956
according to 2001 census Mumbai's population is about 11,914,397.
CA: The genes don't care but we do?
This liquid causes painful blisters on human skin .
His mausoleum is sacred for his followers.
to put in a molecular cell biology lab
Where is the title of the book ?
Time shifted tracks/clips %s %.02f seconds
Britain will starve without genetically modified crops.
This lamp symbolises the dead man .
The size entered is invalid
Google Wallet Virtual OneTime Card generated
that as of 2005 only 15 percent of the world
eradicated from the face of the Earth,
No volume group name entered
Error on line %d char %d:
Drona: A brahman guru who teaches archery for the princess|
part of this online world of crime,
with the challenge and the outrage
Wireless network connection '%s' active: %s (%d%%)
Because I'd been speaking to lots of people there
This address book will be removed permanently.
People travel 42 per cent further than in 1975 .
Enable the new network connection handler.
That's the main use of that filter.
Please download Hamachi and follow the installation instructions.
So once you know how to fly in formation,
had used anonymous shell companies,
to fly like a bird.
Choose <span weight=“bold”>File %s Import From Folder</span>
” I am very fond of sunsets .
Key Binding (%s) is already in use
a domestic government or opposition army for possession
on the door of our apartment in Brooklyn,
The temple of Taj Mahal
So, I'm going to stick in Rwanda, circa 1985, 1986,
and look out at the vastness
Reports may be either preliminary or final .
Check the procedures for making a claim .
Repeated drug taking can have serious results .
It is directly elected by the people .
Unsupported boot file system type
Failed to create temporary zip file during packaging.
They just talked about it being necessary.
Authorization failed. Please try again.
And the choice we face,
We don't live in the center of the solar system,
China held a huge advantage
And when we did, my dad would say,
that there is something called dark matter in the universe,
Uniform civil code of India
Because it's for the convenience of the child;
within one or two degrees.
Use billing address for shipping
It's a fast, cheap device
was mapped to a geocodable level of detail.
Don't automatically create and register resource
and almost killing him. And then he backs away
She had come in the form of a seed .
You must name this Search Folder.
of Nigerians consuming what they produce.
His colleagues are pinning hopes on his non-controversial image .
when they gave up the bow and arrow
And that's how it goes.
Chess champion Vishwanath Anand did a good performance.
Himali in the world's highest snow chains
And so that's why that priority has been set.
groupings that go back a long time,
099 h 060 m 060 s
These messages were started from Aadam.
As a child, I would hate being made
Name of the preferred New toolbar button item
want to do something about it?
Error: invalid 'enable' parameter: '%s'; use 'true' or 'false'.
In Karachi he was informed that his father had died.
with dynamite and rock saws
Sports Authority Field at Mile High
I'm five years old, and I am very proud.
I will not mourn the dead with murder nor suicide.
by what they have seen, and hopefully, therefore,
It's still not perfected - its coffee falls down -
Al Gore invented the Internet and because of that,
Module '%s' could not connect to D-Bus session bus.
But then you take the toilet and you position it
And you see agenda -
In Cincinnati, for instance, that organized a walk
You have not selected a survey for data-entry.
Failed to read data from child process
So back to the question, “Can art change the world?”
that we can have the great potential
They're really difficult for plants to produce.
But behind this assertion vary less proof.
with the students. I was amazed at the ideas
Three questions- (Akabar-Birbal)Offer - on world press
CA: So you want to license this software to publishers
Independent News: Daily Paper from South India
Here Marathi or English is use the medium of teaching.
When I returned to Afghanistan, my grandfather,
Encrypt this message with your S/MIME Encryption Certificate
to improve your own conscious listening.
Sufis had great influence in India and Indonesia.
that we design the future of learning.
I was 15 when I was gang-raped by eight men.
don't be against the original constitutional structure.
Unknown function “%s” for button
{0} left the network {1} and {2} other network
Whether selected font size is shown in the label
According to scientists,Uttar pradesh and Bihar have about 111fish species
thinking it's a nice bit of carrion,
The visible region of the actor
1 in 3000 -LRB- rubella -RRB-
Setting %s to audit mode.
Width of disk view 'Available' column
Set %{PRODUCTNAME} as my default browser
Identify the hazards and work out the CCPs .
On August 14th and 15th, they took a stool sample,
of Mao, and for that transgression,
He figured out the system.
because that's how you learned.
You have no real grounds for complaint if you :
and expensive for the plant to produce
Officially, its name becomes “”Mumbai“” in the year 1995.
Tel : 0181 516 2977
or impolitely call “feeling very bad about yourself.”
Delete this video from camera?
And this is kind of how the Internet works.
was about the story behind the Shia-Sunni split,
5. What is the majority required
Show the properties and metadata of the selected image
and that the brain cells last 80 years or so.
that you're going to do it.
The problem of blindness is gone.
Libvirt version does not support setting downtime.
And it tends to feel a little overwhelming
And I fell into a life in exile.
about a joke that the students played on him.
Local Authority and Health Services.
Failed to connect: no ISP to dial.
Mon, Oct 00 0000 at 00:00:00 PM
unexpected ” at position %d in '%s'.
Then there is the whole northern India,
so I moved to Kenya and worked in Uganda,
But the sun had not yet risen .
they spoke English with a very strong Telugu accent.
about the need for the storage of vaccine.
I'm telling you, she could run Wall Street.
Himalaya is quite new and still passing through developing process.
what kind of creative process and what kind of design
Some pay the price for it.
* The use of the latest Peer-to-Peer technologies
had always been present in natural waters,
has to give this one size fits all lecture
You need to register with your GP .
You have not selected a survey to delete
Agriculture is Bharat important industry
like the Boston Shuffler could.
this dam is mainly constructed on the river bhagirati
any longer, because this is really hot data today.
Honestly, I don't know why they call it civil war
you know what the action is? The action is:
National Institute of Technology Rourkela
Beep when features turned on or off from keyboard
We aren't simply projecting identity,
That was the law of hospitality .
Eat plenty of foods rich in starch and fibre ;
The parameters of the command
He suffered from high fever.
Continue where I left off
the more dramatically the inertia reduces.
“He choked on a pile of hash” -
Mehr Lal Soni Zia Fatehabadi
affect the lives of literally millions of people,
Often teachers were called Munshi, at that time.
where over half a million people
The boy laughed - out of happiness .
Mahadevi as seen the India before and after independence.
The Hindutva torch-bearers within the BJP are undeterred .
A . He is reviewing all the subjects .
And in the fifth act,
that what made them vulnerable
We can call it the “engineering approach,”
That's part of the reason we're here today,
A friend of mine once said,
who's really the genius who's been implementing
Now he could not tolerate.
Rotate the image 90 degrees to the left
going one direction or another,
So if sales start to drop,
Filmfare Award for Best Actress
You should restart %{PRODUCTNAME} now.
Their Lordships delivered separate judgments .
Jawaharlal Nehrus Period (1889 - 1964 )
There was an error getting information about “%B”.
fabricating the flags of every member of the United Nations.
A couple of years later, I meet them.
to what most people can't see
If it does represent language,
Cannot create folder: %s: Folder name cannot contain a dot
We call this the backseat driver problem.
Sorry, your external storage device could not be recognized.
[URL tool or name of the service]
You can select one or more devices.
Unable to display FAQ: %s
Self repentance, he toured whole of India on barefoot.
And the Swiss psychoanalyst, Carl Jung, also spoke about
His honesty was debauched by the prospect of easy money.
even if you don't believe in yourself right now.
FFMPEG only supports 48khz / stereo audio for DV!
refer to that behavior as Talibanization.
Indian Council of Medical Research
Order of the Star of India
The device could not measure the color spot correctly.
I said, “Go away. I'm working. I'm busy.”
Other than that, there's not much of a problem.
They're writing in big handwriting to take more gold.”
Text to appear on the radio buttons and list items
Pakistanis, Sri Lankans, Bangladeshis, Nepalese,
that were being thrust upon us.
case-changing escapes (\l, \L, \u, \U) are not allowed here
Is it nuclear capacity? We know we have that.
Among these rulers, the most prominent ruler encouraged Buddha Religion.
The velvety-brown caterpillar has cream-coloured cross-bancls on the abdomen .
UK university degrees are listed at www.ucas.ac.uk
Jung may have called it the subconscious.
if you heated them wrong.
Look at life through the windshield, not the rear-view mirror.
Detailed information about the certificate:
Max. Number of Notes (1..128):
Bharat also conquered the world.
Then I used, tried to use the medical college girls.
Just briefly, what's your take on the current events there
Here Process /Witness act is not applicable
who entered the labyrinth and killed the bull-headed Minotaur.
And I found myself in the places
There was an error getting information about “%B”.
Akbar wanted to have one currency for his entire empire.
No silence could be detected
On February 26 , a different drama unfolded .
Create and share your notes with OI Notepad.
And that could be the basis of a sunscreen,
And it was a slightly crazy place.
So, we appear to have a genuine difference of opinion
If you delete an item, it is permanently lost.
Save & edit survey text elements
There pronunciation is slightly different in Hindi.
The firefly is the much smaller and winged male .
Maximum number of subtitles allowed at the same time.
and then put it in another truck
Which is to say that it's possible for them
Select an application to run when a camera is connected
Vouchers towards the cost of glasses or contact lenses
In India, the definition of literacy,
Maximum luminance to consider a pixel as black (0-255).
List of Indian folk dances
all the fences I wanted to mend,
Error launching connect dialog: %s
The model for cell view
Cannot export MP2 with this sample rate and bit rate
We certainly saw that in 2008.
Port number to use for HTTP requests.
or you know, reins in the question-asking
Tracks are too long to repeat the selection.
And place cells in their hippocampi would fire, become active,
Bar width in pixel (default : 10)
In order to minimize the weight,
Failed to send DDE advise notification
And systemically what we will show,
as the fear of disconnection.
\c must be followed by an ASCII character
“Here's the thing, I'm struggling.”
[They change the way we think about what is possible.]
(One of the Standard 14 Fonts)
then movies, all encoded onto physical objects.
The whole village is then feasted .
<b>%s</b> through %s has proposed the following meeting changes.
So I was curious about why there was a disconnect
Category: Geography of Uttar Pradesh
Hide all normal windows and set focus to the desktop
It was built by 12 Barefoot architects
Item(s) belong to these categories:
And I know that vulnerability is the core
6. Approval for withdrawing money from accumulated fund
This time he was kept in Almoda prison.
In this earth, Man have the independence of performing duties.
Food should be given at regular hours .
Change which web browser websites are opened in
Selected file is too big.
Proxy access cannot be given to user “{0}”
Opening firewall for mDNS connections
this is the army bayonet from the Swedish Army, 1850,
facilities for people with disabilities;
There was an error during the CUPS operation: '%s'.
Main gate (doorway) is also a monument.
I'm going to fast-forward through a lot of lawsuits
States name,it border cannot changed without states assembly approval
Netscape Certificate SSL Server Name
Software Technology Parks of India
we'd call the one in the southeast now Katrina,
Some of the reasons for this are political .
All the others have been all those three.
and making money with that too.
They were a pervasive presence.
22. there is a royal field in bharatpur sanghrahalaya place
Play on a daily basis, you will notice progress soon.
The blue and the dim
Abduction of Sita (Artist: Ravi Verma)
Da ist ja eine junge Jüdin … ”
which is done for global audiences:
He's crying. He's screaming. He's praying.
God , what a fool !
It lasts for at least five years .
to all human beings, so that they can
So if you go to an African American Pentecostalist church
and say he had the strategy and the resources
A measure of distance , equal to 4 miles .
Why was that part funny ?
They've got an apple here from South Africa.
The second timezone for a Day View
more effective at fighting the bad guys,
Change the visibility of this window's statusbar
He's my doctor. He's my lawyer.
Subhashchandra was ninth child and fifth son.
Create an archive with the selected objects
understand that, to preserve this language,
We make our decision by considering all the evidence .
Stop hotspot and disconnect any users?
Phone : 0114 259 4074 .
The heavy vehicles industry too grew very slowly .
Birthday and anniversary reminder units
makes you smile very often?
enabled these civilizations to speak to us again directly.
Many devotional holy scripts written on ganga
We should deliver medicines to those who are ill.
The certificate does not match the expected identity
that works by taking away the raw ingredient for serotonin
Israel Academy of Sciences and Humanities
Use SpamAssassin daemon and client
Indian Army during World War I
“ Maktub , ” the merchant said , finally .
Many persons from other religions also got converted to Islam.
Man: I won't send any more commandos in
export as video or audio file
Will it affect my personal/ sexual relationships ?
{0}. Games won: {1} ({2} played)
List of cities in Albania
adult cohort in U.S. history.
Overlay subtitles on the video
Sumiti 's son was Dhruva .
India, the world TT champions.
He simply slipped outside, pulled down his sealskin trousers
And I'm treating you, my inner circle,
of the ideal balanced day
It was called the Vaitarani.
Thumbnail command for Type1 fonts
or one out of every seven -
you'd have to be really true to yourself
This will make SpamAssassin more reliable, but slower
- The GNOME login manager
where education was prized and daughters were treasured.
The browser crashed before the download completed.
that child labor just had to be abolished.
That is a spirited rather than a spiritual rhetoric .
Approximately <b>%s</b> of remaining UPS backup power (%.0f%%)
Who gossips with you will gossip of you.
Unable to unset metadata key
Scale: %s : %s%s %s
their insecurities but exposes everything else.
Failed to read data from child process (%s)
The Indian Liberals are an obvious example of this .
Two fifties in 10 innings .
Use colors from system theme
that we have in common.
Where to get help and advice
in an artistic display of an android portrait
Could not load options page '$1%{OPTIONSPAGE}'.
Occurrences when the OS killed a tab's process (“%{IDS_KILLED_TAB_TITLE}”)
it's more important than ever to find ways to maintain
other than the fact that I couldn't get into any
Select all the text in a message
That 's exactly the kind of attitude we wanted .
Set the terminalx's zoom factor (1.0 = normal size)
I was born in New York City.
gaga vally is the biggest in India
And that turned into what she does now,
Central Food Technological Research Institute
Bollywood word is made of Bombay plus Hollywood.
Gulf of Mannar Marine National Park
Buddhist monks spent their retreats in the Viharas .
and will not learn war and make war anymore.
Then again, who's to say
Time in milliseconds between updates of the devices list
Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose International Airport
The file could not be accessed for security reasons.
Get real and let each other live .
If set to true, then PCF fonts will be thumbnailed.
Only show photos with a rating of %s or better
Full path and arguments to the command to be executed
How did it happen ?
Series: Languages of the World
*DEPRECATED* this option will be ignore
I'm sustaining on seventh year.
for example, in this case,
that we don't kind of get out of their system.
Let me give you a couple of examples.
All round there is a nalambalam of lesser height .
VOC, hydrocarbon fuel gas and solvent like Volatile organic compounds.
Google enriches itself by enriching thousands of bloggers through AdSense.
in terms of their text.
Save any changes made to this connection.
Check the details of any travel insurance policy very carefully.
huge kudos for bringing to the world
There is evidence from neuroscience.
Show only this Memo List
It's interesting to see the enormous diversity
3 Sahity-lahri- In this compile his diplomatic step(pad).
is a new way of being an atheist -
But equally, it has opportunities and a lot of potential.
to be some other person in some other place.
(Additionally, releasing the lock for '%s' also failed: %s)
<big><b>IBus</b></big> <small>The intelligent input bus</small> Homepage: http://code.google.com/p/ibus
%s: Got KEEPALIVE from banned host %s
This project is based on Moss Side .
One day they'll get here.
“ Where are you off to ? ”
Cell background color as a GdkColor
SpamAssassin not found, code: %d
is from this knowledge map
It's the idea of an ever-ever-land,
They called me Anthony growing up as a kid.
using simple tools like stickers, stencils and chalk.
You can usually find this number on your :
is how far we've come to get there.
Sorry, unable to save custom emblem name.
List of cities in Sudan
Simple language is natural and full of sur Agaidigdh
And to the darkness .
and we just were growing further and further apart.
He got up , bowed and departed .
It's just how some business is done.
And in two hours, after their backs were broke,
So, the next thing we did,
2010: Jyllands-Posten , Danish newspaper
Don't bring your measuring stick.”
the world's most renowned researcher on facial expressions,
Thereafter , other members take part in the discussion .
%A, %B %-d %Y at %-I:%M:%S %p
Are your other relationships affected ?
I understand that visiting this site may harm my device.
No child is too young to join the library .
For more information about Crisis Loans, see page 13.
“ My heart , ” the boy answered .
And to do that, they need a Western education.
you must really live with the people.
This CD could not be queried: %s
I can only talk from my own experience,
last year we earned about 20-odd million dollars,
Debian provides critical updates for %s.
in order to get to a total of five,
Store settings in the user profile directory
A reign of terror was established .
Category: Poets of section devoted to Lord Krishna
But I'm teaching them to force that savings habit.
and back in the 80s, found it necessary
Indian government had presented Amitab Bachan Padma Bhushan in 2001.
Are you sure you want to leave the network “{0}”?
we see something very different.
1980 movie directed by Shyam banegal
of how you will disagree.
Auto close the install window after successful install
“All I want you do to is align belief.”
The road till the nomination filing for President.
“as a staff, we joke
The maximum scale of the viewport.
Data source '%s' does not support deleting remote resources
Arrr! Something tried to commandeer your home page!
Hamas gunmen take control of Gaza (AFP).
KBS: So, the charter of compassion starts right here.
which is associated with Abraham.
Chhetsu is yet another popular fair in the valley .
“Just how global are we?”
Error while saving to %s: %s
WARNING: invalid or missing listtype for schema (%s)
This profile is intended for the Cybook Opus.
I'm working in Kigali, Rwanda, jogging through the steep slopes,
The average rain fall is 100 cms per year.
” I went to him in fear and trembling .
was not what he should have gotten,
Create, import, or copy a survey
in terms of the actions
Could not create spool directory ‘%s': %s
%{URL} wants to permanently store large data on your device.
PRC Envelope #5 110 x 220 mm
Error in address '%s' - the port attribute is malformed
I will not pop, spin, break for you.
An angle facing upwards is most common.
The modern industrial world as we know it
Teachers who have been teaching science for donkey years,
Humbli sect - Its followers are in Saudi Arabia.
List of mosques in India
I'm thinking, “This is my kid. How dare she?
he finds out that his uncle killed his father.
because you have a shared view on so many things,
IP address or host name of the http proxy server
and said, “Dear, I'll be back later.
and for whose purpose we shall be resurrected again
was his great joy and pleasure
TGA image has invalid dimensions
Error: Option '-pretty' is mutually exclusive with '-terse'.
Searches for the next instance of a string.
Error: 'dev' command '%s' is not valid.
that it really makes a difference what we say.
and certainly in the work that I do.
Series: Prime Ministers of India
This is based on the ASTRA project in Gloucester.
Can't find what you're looking for?
The two I'm following are surveillance cameras,
What happens if I have problems with my neighbours? 16
Sudden and regular changes of mood .
Warning: failed to write channel map to file.
Part of these is rather vulgar .
In Islam the gods greatness and his appearance told briefly
Copy a screenshot of a window to clipboard
Apply %s with parameter(s) %s
we have to control and regulate
Accompanied by adequate instructions .
Is this a RTL language?
No type for class name %s
Koran has description of more four books
our god augan chit na dharo
The Englishman was disappointed .
when my mother had time to read for me.
And that can't happen in a classroom.
But the main thrust of the DMCA
But the argument against it is given
dressed in black, standing up silently for one hour,
%{PRODUCTNAME} cannot be displayed in this language
He who praises everybody, praises nobody.
But that's terrible. We are homo sapiens.
You need to log out and log back in.
Twitter announced the existence of the quake
many languages are speaking in india
He has to discharge two responsibilities.
found that even members of the Fore tribe,
Binding to launch the web browser.
that they're coming out of fossil fuels that we're burning,
%s records with invalid email address removed
The Englishman had several suitcases filled with books .
there was one thing in common:
Pravas ki dairy (travel diary) (1971)
which is arrived but not yet implemented.
List of cities in Australia
So do n't junk the oxygen cylinders yet .
The Chinese Civilization is older than Sixth (6th) century.
NOTE: Sentences that have an indirect translation will show up.
Would you like to delete the backup “<b>%s/%s</b>”?
Number of candidates to display per page
So today, I want us to reflect
Instead, this example slide by Genevieve Brown is
Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor Project
Maybe - maybe he really had saved her life .
What was very surprising to me was Tom's critique,
and then not that much changes?
or Shivaji Park or somewhere to source them,
More on the Hindi language and literature
Cannot attach CMS data object
and from the side, it almost seemed very weak.
“ Yes , ” she said with a sigh .
And it does that avoiding obstacles.
The desktop view encountered an error while starting up.
She did that for two months.
Clear my personal default setting
CA: There isn't. I'll tell you what.
Well imagine a small cube that's about this big
Type here to test your keyboard
Problem uploading to board. See http://www.arduino.cc/en/Guide/Troubleshooting#upload for suggestions.
this is a national republic
Subscribe to Other User's Folder
But it hardly solved the company 's problems .
They were not asleep .
at what's happening in the online world,
Month view vertical pane position
The NHS now achieves this standard fully .
The Tree of Life (film)
Include all users from /etc/passwd (not for NIS)
For further information please contact %s
The destination is not a folder.
One is, first of all, process this information
Display notification when the connection is lost
However, there was another case, the Eastland,
they do this till the sperms comes out
Your finger was not centered, try swiping your finger again
Most attacks have been carried out by rabid animals.
Draupadi was insulted in the kauravasa assembly.
When I should check my breasts ?
<b>%s</b> through %s has sent back the following meeting response:
Previews the list of memos to be printed
Display notification when the connection is lost
Right from the age of 15,
If you have damage there, like in Alzheimer's,
to find out where they get the best possible prices.
” That is possible .
Store does not support an INBOX
What is this ozone layer ?
It's very easy to do. There's a great document
One is in Tashkent and another is in Turkey.
Failed to stream mail message content to Bogofilter:
online Ramayana (registration is compulsory)
Minimum height for blocks that fill the bar
accidents of things dropping on people's heads, illnesses, etc.
we may be moving into yet another economic form
Could not open location '%s'
where you shake and the sexuality of the parents change?
But too often, it's not.
You want a better life for yourself.
How do I complain to the Ombudsman ?
Couldn't allocate memory for saving BMP file
A simple and powerful file manager
%s plugin is available and the binary is installed.
Show windows from all workspaces
This is a victory of thousands of users,
Do not show this warning again
Ram is practical, not a medium - Professor Mahaveer Sharan
and they can write very, very well,
to hate the thought of having a job
Punctuation level set to none.
See Income Support, page 12.
The facility of water is very less in this state.
Image type currently not supported
You cannot post NNTP messages while working offline!
List of cities in Sudan
Serial ATA RAID %s (partition #%s)
Suspend or resume the video transmission
And because of that, you start to dig around
Marathi film industry is also situated in Mumbai.
This time it's not a cheese sandwich.
Automated test to store bluetooth device information in checkbox report
The adjustment that holds the value of the spin button
Flag of Saint Kitts and Nevis
Let's see what we can do.
The design and embroidery is like real .
to try putting it out onto the other location.
G11 NHS sight tests and vouchers for glasses
They were doing an experiment
And that's a real fantastic bull's eye.
to reach low income people in a sustainable way,
in how human beings flourish
People understood him the believes in changing the things.
Installation for theme “%s” failed.
does not have the concept of harmony.
So, I hope to convince you that complex
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
I had an artist over there hear me out
Please choose which ISP do you want to connect to
So it has four rotors.
We lived in the Bronx at the time,
So, I say, 'Perdon, yo no hablo ingles.'
Horse is proverbially known for its robust common sense .
Such temples are ten in number .
Why must my child go to school regularly?
Name of default font to use
we can't tell whether someone is lying or in love
we can just go in the streets.
mumbai local train system carry 6.3 million passenger every day.
I bought myself a heavy overcoat
You can help your child's teacher .
from the total number that you would expect by chance.
the authorised place of prim minister of India
That was also considered unlawful.
NASA dedicated a super computer in name of kalpana
Cannot spawn a message bus when setuid
To add Hindi spell-check in OpenOffice2.0 (or more)
As you can see, you can play anywhere.
A profile for %{USER_DISPLAY_NAME} has been created.
we want to go down into your computer,
The phrase “God is subtle”
If he accepted their services the Sangha might suffer .
how much hemoglobin is there in the blood.
For more information, contact your social security office.
_Update the network list every %S _second
Click on a color to remove it
during ancient period its appriciated by proud of india.
It will take embracing the world with both arms.
You need to configure Hamachi before you can connect.
They were a little uncomfortable with it,
Waiting time (in seconds) for link detection:
To get JSA you must have a Jobseeker's Agreement.
Root node followed by invalid character '%c'
The Presidential Elections in America, 2008
This survey is currently not active
He got affected from Tuberculosis.
B5 Envelope, 176 x 250 mm
This is really a change, that you have this lag
It's a beautiful hierarchy, and it works.
The reason given is: '%s'.
And so cricket started becoming big;
and we live and work in India.
So that's OccupytheSEC movement has done.
that was when India was least democratic.
It was an ugly sight .
These slogans created a stir .
The credential type %s is not supported
Dim faint stars when a very bright object is visible
but that is a self-fulfilling prophecy.
to take up arms and go after the kidnappers
An offline update was requested but no packages required updating.
Why should anything be the matter with me ? ”
that's where the traffickers always stand
Connect to Hidden Wi-Fi Network...
You can see a gleam in their eye.
we will forward our step as per our time
Edit properties of this account
that answers an important question:
Fax : 020 7944 2161
and at the same time fit in.
It took 12 years to contracts.
Now it had a name,
we could make a low pressure, non-toxic refrigerator.
Battle took place between them
Determines Y coordinate of Search window; stored on Gnote exit.
because it explains 80 percent of survival.
And, among other things, they're looking for dark matter.
Education is not just about giving people the facts.
' Vira ' generally means a hero .
We've got airplanes, highway lanes,
Is there anything I should tell people ?
What ' s the matter ? ”
60 percent of children don't go to school,
Extension IDs and update URLs to be silently installed
Startup direction of view Az/Alt: %1/%2
which looks a lot like ours, I wonder if there's
Failed to add new connection
He seized his head in his hands .
You're getting that kid turned on.
How do I help my child to eat healthily?
to invest a lot of our energy
that we pretend to protect,
Norwegian (Bokmaal and Nynorsk) desktop
The message does not appear to be properly formed
Shake it, and you have a heterosexual couple.
%s: %s but it is not going to be installed
Performs the detailed where am I operation.
DETR Environment Transport Regions <s> A better deal for tenants
And this was made possible by
I believe that the payoff would be very big.
It will also make members of
after that all the peoples pandhubi's fashion following
Display notification when a member joins
Application prefers a dark theme
even cells we're not really too good on yet.
Shared connection service failed to start
They provide proper information to people with drugs problems .
Indian Food is famous all over The World.
Do you want to install it? (N/y)
Under and above the force (1957)
Doostana was the best film in 1980.
The Queen's University of Belfast
as the experience of everybody.
The plant went into commercial production in March 1982 .
Error opening socket path '%s': %s
in these systems of notation and navigation.
Provinces of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
in shop windows and newspapers ;
{0} left the network {1} and {2} other network
And indeed start caring so much about material goods.
Failed to initialize the crypto engine: %d.
silver currency of that time.
'Vaa te to chaaki bhali, pisi khaye sansaar'.
but it should be centered on oneself.
And then I got excited
All of the copies of Soz-e-Watan were confiscated and burnt
if you grind down Paris to that kind of accuracy,
if she acted as if she liked the broccoli,
Use the <app>Orca</app> screen reader with a refreshable Braille display.
Compost generally comprises of decomposed material and kitchen waste.
to stay calm, to be free of career anxiety.
Automatically unlock this private key when I log in.
Mahabharath being preached by Soot Ji to other sages|
primary science in village schools.
So as we are facing
Traffic could come from any direction .
The yellow light fell on her hair .
How You Can Help Your Children?
Social , cultural and sporting activities
Could not read greeting from %s:
Ideology , essentially , is an imposition .
because I want to talk to you later.
and you listen to how they talk,
but in this one domain, limiting sharing,
Bhartendu Academy of Dramatic Arts
there must be clear health and safety guidelines
a kind of false catchment.
Click to change your nickname
Alpha with which the blend image is blended
1997 Great American Insurance ATP Championships
at that time was costing around 5,000 dollars?
A plugin to setup WebDAV contacts.
An error occurred while updating the files.
List of Indian federal legislation
is that you can carry your digital world with you
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
The timeline used by the animation
Why did they keep things from her ?
He actually applies metallic industrial paints to his work
Unable to mount the location.
and lo and behold to me,
♫ Next to the palm tree, ♫
And in that moment, I feel like a millionaire.
The calendar attached contains multiple items
Repeated psychology tests have proven
as he drifted down the East River,
List of Governors of Sikkim
Video filtering using a chain of video filter modules
VIEWPOINT : TERESITA C . SCHAFFER
I mean , besides being my wife ? ”
99.9 percent of the paddy is transplanted manually.
that we could change the capacity of highways
Mumbai has sororal agreements with the following cities:
is not new to my neck of the desert.
%s %s before the end of the appointment
this time with middle school students.
During Hajj, the Muslims look around the Kaba
have somehow gotten their hands on her pizza.
Resignation from Presidency of congress
Search for text in the displayed contact
This was the first flute .
And this zero hunger program
The granny cloud sits over there.
Error logging into the account
Hints for the text field behaviour
Zameer: The Awakening of a Soul
is because of the high altitude desert.
numbers out of order in {} quantifier
And that moment is right now,
You ' ll draw their attention to us … ”
currently following news - places this facilities are available
but the way progress happens
There is a powerful cultural norm against doodling
Failed to display HTML document in %s encoding
because of this, they keep beards also.
with this they also keep an eye on the election
My Drawing Number Two looked like this :
In Ethiopia, there are hundreds of thousands of children living
It was still dark .
Allows Evolution to display text part of limited size
Deactivates the screen saver when a movie is playing
Display this help and exit.
The shopkeepers showed them their wares with great enthusiasm .
He got a big following of devotees there.
When I walked across Afghanistan
there's a couple of side effects of all this.
We felt, one of the things that these girls had
Select the import policy to use
For example at the ending of the letter given
Ladies and gentlemen, can any one of you tell me
Continue installation without /boot partition?
Jean Baptiste Tavernier- Taj Mahal's first European tourist.
Show the memo preview pane
don't add wasting our energy, intelligence
Determines pixel height of Search window; stored on Gnote exit.
Can you feel the rage?
AIFF (Apple) signed 16 bit PCM
The youngest one or disqulified one for all
Setting attribute %s not supported
It was their karma .
Taking it a step further,
invalid name '%s': maximum length is 1024
The premium on accurate and careful listening
who, when he participated in battle, victory was assured,
You can see, well, you can, kind of pick out
the dialogues of Plato, the novels of Jane Austen.
I always felt good with Dick Feynman.
Green means the student's already proficient.
Could not load javascript '$1%{RELATIVEPATH}' for content script.
This square might look very square and prim.
But no teachers succeed in educating Akbar
Because it really isn't about corruption
so you take a bit of this cycle valve tube,
AIM Home Screen Name 3
the history of modern Hindi prose
If non-zero, use this character to display the actor's contents
This is what I'm building now.
The answer is: long-lived molecules,
They should be cylindrical and evenly placed .
Are you sure you want to revert all changes?
No photos or videos imported.
What are Tenant Participation Compacts? 19
The Englishman was unable to sleep one night .
So it's the only college in India
wedding brides and rollercoaster rides.
what I saw was scenes like this.
are not valid plugin files.
New QR code for Location
“ Maybe no one here has , either . ”
Configure GDM login window appearance and behavior
this is a clue that it's a good time
Well, because an elite and its facilitators
What can I say ?
Error closing file descriptor: %s
ice / slippery | glue
%{PLUGINNAME} is out of date.
at the level of the brain, in some important detail,
Configure the TalkGadget prefix for remote access hosts
Tuti chhati kadiyan (Broken sixth link (1973)
It's got dark matter, it's got ordinary matter,
In return , the rewards are great .
PNM file has an incorrect initial byte
Error saving the new shortcut
Type of encryption key for this partition:
who think it's cute to have a little child
The village still carries the name of Subuddhipur .
National Centre for Radio Astrophysics
And Grandma pushed the button,
And to fly through obstacles
X coordinate of the anchor point
WHAT WILL I EARN ?
incorrect event handler string, missing dot
They were just hands .
the most extraordinary are the Kogi
It takes expert knowledge to tell species apart .
- and, if anything, at a far greater rate.
But before we start we set this golden rule.
After brushing , spit out and do n't rinse .
She awarded almost every award in hindi literature.
I'm a big advocate of changing
Position of mark on the ruler
Getting message %d of %d
“ What have you got there ? ”
Himalayas is also known with different names.
Sixth Phase, 26 January 1950
Gtk:custom format is “gtk:custom(colorname,fallback)”, “%s” does not fit the format
and the main one being English, or Chinese?
Now, what's even worse than restriction
we probably can actually implement these fixes within a decade.
That's too much to ask from most people.
This is no Paradise , my friend .
What was the use ?
remotely controlled vehicles that are armed.
Hindi-Urdu Transliteration (Punjabi University, Patiala)
से आठ महीने तक बच्चे बिलकुल बराबरी पर हैं.
The width of the border of the rectangle
and then send in the troops,
and then you can have all the nice stuff,
curious about some of the research backing these claims.
Right to left, bottom to top
specify display mode to use (e.g. 640x480-16)
Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad
Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut
Error determining size of device:
Bhaskara I's sine approximation formula
and taught them to be entrepreneurs?
Indian Institutes of Science Education and Research
AG: Okay, that's a fourth hypothesis.
But these are sure victims of Time .
You must be online to access these files.
Maximum registered rainfall was in 1954.
if I say, “David, Sara, pay attention,”
File does not contain LimeSurvey data in the correct format.
Lichavi kings was brought upon Manavdev and Shivdev was widened
is that we have things on a simple level.
Move the selected folder out of the trash
And so I pulled back out of the research
Buddha, was born as Siddhartha Gautam in the Goutam Gotra.
Click and drag to adjust relative size of stereo tracks.
that people don't find very easy for the most part.
I said, “You won't believe the children who told me
The icon name for the number emblem background
Indian Institute of Mass Communication
have been talking about testing the private sector,
We built the hardware and the software.
The name that will be displayed to the user.
ii admission and denial of documents and facts ;
Failed to initialize the decryption cipher slot.
just admitting that there are right and wrong answers
Re-read XML Menus and store them in the database
Whether WebKit prefetches domain names
We opened the fist section in 2009.
Finished downloading all star catalogs!
and promotes a positive outlook.
Write the changes to the storage devices and configure RAID?
Great Rift Valley (geographical concept)
and letting that shift our motivation
Goes to previous list item.
explains why lessons are planned in this way
Al, is there something more than that
was demonstrated by studies of interference
There is no growth. There's no activity. There's no nothing.
Well, it's got to do with your brain.
harnessed up an adjacent dog,
“ Yes , that is true . ”
Set gradient threshold for edge computation.
Indian Institute of Management Lucknow
Failed to get the DN for user '%s'
12. High priority to protecting environment.
dignity is more important to the human spirit than wealth.
The library was built without phone number support.
by the way, the speed here, excuse me, higher-speed travel
Say, “By the way, that guys a crappy employee.”
And two tools helped bring the death rate down.
I should have liked to say :
Don't connect to an already-running instance
2nd time limit warning message timer
Kind of network selected in the assistant
5 Apex in Pakistan are higher than 8000 meters.
“ Where to ? ”
Video boxes usually tell you the story .
where we see a group of intermediate sounds,
Tool to use to generate boot initrd:
Netaji Subhashchandra Bose: Freedom's great hero
Whenever we think of indigenous people and landscape,
So, if not us, then who?
those days enmity between hindus and Muslims were very deep
Well, you work with the community.
The Dark Room (Narayan novel)
I'll explain a little bit about how it works.
Click to change your nickname
that had taken me over a decade to reach.
UID '%s' is not a mail transport
Unidev:Tool to convert from Mangal to Krithidev font
Was he then deliberately underplaying Agra ?
But, overwhelmingly, it's your past performance.
The expected start of the response
and there's a friction between the teacher and the parent,
Open the syntax file in SPSS in Unicode mode
NNTP server %s returned error code %d: %s
I am such a bird .
4. To decide upon the quantum of reserve funds.
Minimum Income Guarantee through Income Support
and they can tell you, quantifiably,
And we hooked up with some people studying
Be the first to contribute a review for this application
For this he was sentenced hanging
“ I know you do .
or one of these websites,
And one more child who has been misdiagnosed
So, what I'm arguing is that
There are no songs to write to disc
here both Marathi and English mediums exist.
when they should have been science-iphizing.
Use custom path for menu contents
when I was visiting in China. (Laughter)
Horizontal alignment for the actor inside the layout manager
The Executive has three wings i.e.; President, Vice-President, a Cabinet
which is thousands - India is all about thousands.
you are registered blind :
The last question of the assignment is:
%s had not responded within 30 seconds.
that astonished the media business.
and out into the pathway of the Staten Island Ferry,
Yet , the move has made the market nervous .
Finished downloading new star catalogs! Restart Stellarium to display them.
This could be something like meal vouchers.
%s through %s wishes to add to an existing memo:
1 duplicate photo was not imported:
Detecting hardware to find hard drives
Sanjay Gandhi National Park is situated near the town.
Through this Hindu language orgined.
Set the default browser and try again
is a really good thing.
The current position holds a '%s' and not an object
Failed to create GdkPixbufLoader object.
I'm right, you're wrong. Shut up.
The rams are horned and the ewes are polled .
Teo species of dolphins are found in Ganga
{0} joined the network {1} and {2} other network
Cannot set mode after window is set.
University of Petroleum and Energy Studies
and securing the poison used to make zombies.
Maximum value level for the bar
And one of the great lessons that Greenpeace actually learned
National Payments Corporation of India
It's a patient with a heart problem.
They pay me to teach a lesson.
This is a very little known fact
Refresh the selected task list
and picked Harry up at the school gates.
Outlook CSV and Tab Importer
Your home page has been set.
During the battle of Kurukshetra, Arjun beheaded and killed Jayadratha..
That is his existential expediency .
Failed to destroy object '%s': %s
What did the poor do wrong?
%i package can be updated.
India at the 2012 Summer Olympics
List of airports by ICAO code: J
You are now registered on a roaming network.
Error while writing %s file (disk full?). Libsndfile says “%s”
dasan gaurinand's write up pekh
nautilus: %s cannot be used with URIs.
It is otherwise with scientific theories .
we are growing into different directions.
But after having lost a beloved teacher in 2006
The media plays an important role
So, we're going to understand positive social emotion
Show appointment end times in week and month view
The system network services are not compatible with this version.
He nominated Subhashbabu as Chief Executive Officer of municipal corporation.
to the ability that we have
And in the case of the flora in our gut,
Number of frames (0 to 100)
Uploaded label set file needs to have an .lsl extension.
Holstein-Friesian cattle had their origin in Holland .
Find me a groom good enough for me ,
Error: %s is not a valid member name
Saved horizontal position of Search window
Whether there should be an icon near the item
0100 h 060 m 060 s+.24 frames
Prefixes of DConf keys to stop name conversion
to just take a moment
Tere Naal Love Ho Gaya
Attributes values from the participant's token
There was an error displaying help: %s
Although small but is a major part of the revenue.
Use a specific date and time when Stellarium starts up
Not enough values for calculation
Failed to disconnect account “{0}”.
equals the HIV and AIDS deaths
Danteras comes after tow days of Dipawali
They dropped from the air
Papers and articles on terrorism and Israel
But irrational and fanatical minds think alike .
Import/export settings for OI Shopping list.
Artist/Artist - Album/Artist (Album) - 01 - Title.ogg
I don ' t know , either .
The students went there in advance,
Icon to use for tabs/windows containing this profile.
interest this, do not mislead
Enables an experimental frame treatment on certain dialogs.
The object controlling the layout of an actor's children
projection tracking and mapping system,
it's universal; we all have it.
This is known as Kalaam.
Unable to open in file manager: %s
in front of a live audience,
Failed to add data to CMS encoder
all the major continents, but that's about it.
That implies the trusted person
down to what we pay attention to.
The title of the color selection dialog
And you can look far back into the past,
There is not always an obvious explanation for it .
The resulting coal shortage severely affected industrial production .
Show the fail whale dialog for testing
Leave the border disputes to the next generation . ”
otherwise their ads would look something like this -
Silence is one of the hardest arguments to refute.
I really like the art of Mantegna.
Listen on all public network interfaces
Would you like to save your changes to this meeting?
Every single debate has been sponsored by “Clean Coal.”
I'm the only one who's left in India.
and we can't keep up.
And they do wonderful things.
which are the outdoor air.
So nature is very clever. It puts all the information
Device requires a software update
People ask you for criticism, but they only want praise.
Account sign-in details are not yet entered.
you'll find within them some teaching concerning compassion.
Thai input method (Pattachote keyboard)
and sending me their stories -
This Dvipa has two kingdoms .
There are so many great publishing tools that are available,
For years, the country has been divided
Abdul Fazal(1551-1602)had ended the era of Akbar.
Now there is golden design on silver.
Is it a licence or a tenancy? 10
List of Bollywood films of 2009
is what's called induced pluripotent stem cells.
Innovation by her when she was in class 10th:
The Islamic law of inheritance was not strictly enforced .
in this feeling of being right?
That's what they are to you.
But we did have a marathon.
” I am following my destiny .
Capital costs were particularly high .
Amar Ujala (Navin ; Unicodith)
Question is: where's the third side there?
stick / float | stone
with enabling environments and opportunities to do this.
Whether the actor contains the pointer of an input device
%d (enabled, prefer public IP)
ask parents to help in school
The National Academy of Sciences, India
You should leave at the end of the notice period.
The fact that former consumers are now producers.
Determines the current status of the download
Evolution Contacts CSV or Tab (.csv, .tab)
Increase the magnification of the photo
And for the first time ever in three generations,
in Europe and most cities in the world.
Send a saved screen shot
Each breast is held between two special plates .
but it was the precise temperature of the water
which turns out is named after Abraham.
in so many of these remote places,
I then challenged the kids to identify
The whole Congress changed .
perfect solution in our own society.
From where did our specimens originate ?
About any topic on his every word written in
The control centre of your life is your attitude.
Windows that outline resize should be used for
We retain just 25 percent of what we hear.
-115.117.166.110 17:50, 12 May 2010 (UTC) unformatted textentered here
Here, I'm dialing a phone number just using my hand.
said, “Hey, what about my roof?”
Select “word at a time”
New Front for Democracy and Development
My mind works like Google for images.
Internal SOCKSv5 proxy server error.
No disks of suitable size available
uttar pradesh is a mirror of entire india
Voters : Public opinion explains these differences on Capitol Hill.
Whether the widget should show recommended applications
was very popular on the Internet.
Show notifications when data is low or nearing expiration
Because doodling is so universally accessible
A beloved grandmother, a lover,
This is higher than the National average of 59.5%
Rhenagold,Howard,Smart Mobile:Next social revolution ,2002 ISBN 0-7382-0861-2
who bragged that he had only gotten
Cannot connect to the system bus
Error launching media dialog: %s
How is your compensation worked out?
There are also some important religious places in Himalaya.
Whether to thumbnail OpenType fonts
Now that's a great deal of us, isn't it?
There was an error running “%s”: %s.
has been the age of intervention,
Perhaps there are other states that we can't access
The value of the id column for the active row
Women are always the first ones targeted
How to claim <s> see page 15.
Sure, it is involved in positive emotions
He not only brags about my college degree,
This little thing says here: five times
Army Institute of Technology, Pune
I think we should be raising kids
Flip to next viewport when dragging object to screen edge
Several figures approached him .
Window type “%s” has already been assigned a style set
And then look at the Indian classical dancer,
Choose a device for sound output:
NHS personnel matters such as recruitment , pay or discipline
So here, let me help you.
1 To organize supervise and conduct election
So now I have one last thought, which is
in our increasingly interconnected world?
Use version information provided by AndAppStore.com
Aerosol sprays -LRB- like hairspray or pain-relieving sprays -RRB- .
that we didn't always have computers in our homes.
How I Met Your Mother
and then we feel vulnerable,
Onion has been affected by aphis.
let's go with the Centipede virus first.
with women cartoonists from across the world -
By measuring their student smiles,
6.In Seventh schedule of constitution have three index federal,state,and same.
Taj's crown is big white onion shaped dome.
which is the story of Abraham -
The serpent relaxed immediately .
followed by Vedanta yagna is importantly used
can a machine become a mind?
Akbar appointed a Governor for each of these states
Print the artist of current track
Current color, as a GdkRGBA
The calendar attached is not valid
Amount of houses with this happiness
it didn't mean quite so much to you.
I wanted to read you a quick, very short poem
homely terrorist and between people relation is complicated
He got award from Government, Semi-government and Private Institutions
And we're just trying to see possibilities.
Open the door , do .
And they do what we've always done
Security forces are expecting more .
Office of Public Relations Gwalior
Disk space to be recovered: %s
BMP: Couldn't save invalid image.
, is played with tremendous enthusiasm .
that we want to have indoors.
The following packages are in a broken state:
Of course, they were confused.
She tossed her head .
turning over a garbage can with an opossum in it.
How to tell a political story but an allegorical story.
Many uneducated Hindus believe like that.
A cricket match two teams or sides opened hey bitch
The provided targetname parameter was ill-formed.
Click here, you can find more events.
You must be the root user to configure GDM.
Project check regenerated missing alias summary file(s).
The Israeli Supreme Court building in Jerusalem.
- Henri Frederic Amiel (1821-1881), Swiss poet and philosopher
just, getting all the images -
<b>Location of the network printer</b>
Copy all tracks to the library
what the man said - they laughed.
- P60 certificate for pay , tax and NI contributions
But everything had changed .
We love challenges, but when expectations are low,
And a lot of us -
The opinion about India as per great men(in english)
Doctrine of Karma in Geetha( Indian outlook)
With the famous tiger-stripe fractures crossing the south pole.
You can usually find this number on your:
Let's look at art now.
Work for which we do not issue TWES permits
Copying stereo audio into a mono track is not allowed.
Nyquist returned an empty array.
Till now, over 4500 solar water pumps have been established.
So the wiggly lines at the top, all the colors,
And what is exciting to me so much right now
In life one should get the completeness
One, you can swirl and twirl
Server's certificate does not match the URL.
and they said, “No problem. We probably hit some birds.”
Add custom headers to outgoing mail messages.
he was a Saraswat Brahmin and was blind since birth.
to talk about or even think about, but
And that's remarkable because you and I can't do that.
Editors and Inspectors of verbal Hindi.
Sometimes there can be temporary anxiety or mild hallucinations
Please update the following fields.
It's all about oil; you know that, everybody knows that.
Right-Ka- Phonetic transliteration equipment to write Hindi.
It contains two X chromosomes .
Cannot change password due to configuration problems.
shalya: Nakul and sahadev's mother Mardri's brother
there are no new worlds to conquer.”
This river is pesused saints important pilgrimage one
these risks of doing something about aging -
File not a tar.gz or tar archive
something where the process starts
and highest colorful life flourished in these areas.
Could not connect to GNOME Power Manager.
even incremental openness could make things
Checking for packages to install...
It has been Authenticated , which is a miracle
Show messages that have been temporarily hidden
No medium in the drive
Can you believe that prior to this reform -
Others are privately run .
sftp for %s on %s
helping us to connect with each other.
consistent opponent, right to property is a fundamental right.
living in cities or within a day's travel of one.
Error removing schema name from '%s': %s
In fact its present state's building date is unknown.
a divorce notice from my wife.
that by the time a boy is 21,
Indian Constitution on the Internet(in Hindi and English)
I mean, we're the only ones with architecture and agriculture.
Patience is the companion of wisdom.
Display notification when the connection is lost
Thankfully, we have a new machine,
is, “I don't know what this is about.”
Australorp breed has been greatly developed in Australia .
In this war Husen Razi* became a martyr.
It's not just throwing them out at random.
Will all the organs be used ?
This is diagram of the U.S. counterinsurgency strategy in Afghanistan.
Adds items to the tab context menu for grouping tabs.
His was the first petition on the dispute .
an unlikely reaction came out of North America.
Some days after thy will come and saints ashram
But what I'm going to tell you about today
(Not one of the Standard 14 Fonts)
Send command to drizzle server.
Why Do They Do It ?
Can you you believe that?
The perspective was, here is this poor professor.
that the wave function vanish when things touch
pop bubble wrap or take an illegal nap.
German Legal Fanfold, 8 1/2 x 13 in
We induce cells, okay, say, skin cells,
But the point is, it doesn't feel that way.
It was completely constructed by 1648.
Wu River (Yangtze River tributary)
All columns have the same width
The one thing that all of them have in common
this is main goal of islam.
and build these long-lasting, five-year nets.
Automatically connect to this network
is that, until you actually do all that learning,
If You Find Drugs .
in every classroom in America tomorrow.
lets him walk up to any surface
And for those of you
Error code %u when querying: %s
Geographical references of the earth.
Choose one of the following answers
There were , of course , some fundamental differences .
Because we too often talk about them as these
The the scholars have shown the difference between
and then a shower of blows at the door .
Have you ever wondered why being around children
The printer's state message is: '%s'.
Where do I send the application form ? 7 69
afterwards they were translated and adapted
who changed it from a field of medicine
For broader knowledge, look for the history of Sanskrit language.
There were moments when he would
DUST BOWL FLOWN BY CULTIVATION AND CONTROLLED BURN
the lid has been closed on ac power
And we all decided to start these things
I want to understand them.
Error: timeout value '%s' is not valid.
Is it a good idea, generally speaking,
am I the only one who does this?
Could not load ethernet user interface.
This print share is not accessible.
we should be getting the adults
Here, they invite the viewer to analyze a crime
DIB Header: Image height > 32767 pixels for file.
We found that the Indus script
And then the voice started again …
Main Window should open maximized
Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam International Airport
The main language of State of maharashtra is Marathi.
Watch my library for new files
Now, some of them you've got to make up, people.
Copy current text to clipboard
This ensured a certain degree of financial co-ordination .
Neharu was Saraswat Brahmin of Kashmiri race.
Failed to execute child process (%s)
Diwali is the festival of and light Hygiene.
Capacity utilisation exceeded 90 per cent during the year .
Well, it's based on avoidance,
Brought in a team from the UK -
you need it to solve the world's environment problems.
The URI to which the response will be made.
Since I'm a product of this philosophy,
The favicon associated to the view, if any
Scattered Islands in the Indian Ocean
The alternative was the concoction of secularism .
and it's very difficult for them to do those things.
[Do you know an entrepreneur?]
Sri Rama Chandra Charita Manas - Krishna Katha Kand
Block plugins on these sites
I carried my payload back downstairs
Remove the shutdown item from the session menu
She shook her head but kept obstinately silent .
Set the time one minute ahead.
Last year , 23,000 Indians travelled with Star Cruises .
that this is an illusion - that the separation between
Paste contacts from the clipboard
Indian Council of Forestry Research and Education
All this has several implications.
The Fellowship of the Ring
you can see the complicated structure, and you say,
XPM has invalid number of chars per pixel
could not get local address: %s
The suggested filename for the URI response
This is why I went to Afghanistan.
Enter Show Desktop mode when Desktop is clicked during Scale
The udder should have a soft and spongy texture .
Default graph incoming network traffic color
Error unsetting accelerator in configuration database: %s
Option '%s' is unknown and was ignored
Differencing is another technique we use.
the massive destruction of both biological and cultural diversity
The bullock should be of good size and height .
Compassion is going to be limited.
Connection to “%{DEVICENAME}” still in progress.
So all you do is -
Mahadevi Sahitya Sanghralaya, Ramgarh.(Mahadevi Literature Museum, Ramgarh)
The type of subpixel antialiasing (none, rgb, bgr, vrgb, vbgr)
All local and active remote folders
Due to effect of shaktibaan laxman became uncouncious
delayed or missed departures ;
After this , Hindu rule was re-established in Delhi
and who sees that her success is his success.
He told me to go in his room.
Thank you for completing this survey.
relatime - update inode access times relative to modify time
And I see the same process
Ravindranath Tagore [In Hindi Kunj]
that all the community would get.
What forms of suffering could be alleviated,
An organisation of two or more groups.
WCAG 2.0 Success Criteria 1.4.7 Contrast Results
Kumar now says the team 's failings were tactical .
just give you the latest episode of India's -
Please enter a command to run
Sikandar Shah Suri is surrendered but Akbar set him free.
“ I won ' t allow it . ”
Failure to carry out repairs
The background color of the box
in the professional practice of this art.
They said that throw away your traditional systems,
How do you ask those who were once fighting
Automatic limit for rows in a join when using -safe-updates
the evolution of the kinds of institutions that create wealth,
The media has been detected as “%s”.
any of the following conditions
Syntax highlighting of mail parts
And what a wonderful thing it is.
by an anxiously perspiring European saying,
to tell the success stories.
or your neighbor who annoys you
%s: Illegal open {, nesting groupings not allowed
Width of process 'Waiting Channel' column
This page is not available offline.
Jaipur is the capital of the state
“ Oh , I had a wonderful sleep .
Hindi font addon for Firfox
So, this does not have any sensors.
The connection uses %{COMPRESSION} SSL compression.
Here in Uganda, development aid. Here, time to invest, there,
and we seemed to succeed.
Niyogi Committee Report on Christian Missionary Activities
terrorits centre-terrorits site was started in 1996
The decorative use of wire in Southern Africa
to low income people in South Asia and Africa,
They hit him in the eye .
His name was engraved on the main door.
I do what I think is right . ”
List of device bit rates
Telephone : 0131 244 0393
I can say that, even though I'm a college drop-out.
And something changes for Tony.
so you can actually hear, on a physical book,
When shall we get married ?
I ' ve never bothered about it . ”
Netaji Subhash: Relentless search for truth
or poverty or any other hugely consequential issue.
Save the selected memo list to disk
So I took the husbands along.
He was cool. He was fine.
which has been going on 20 years now.
If not , walk away .
Failed to find entry point function '%s' in '%s': %s
and then she walks around -
%s option must be used by itself.
So it was kind of weird to see
Cannot delete Voucher(s) which are already opened or paid !
that emphasizes the following features
Chroma for the blend image
Take yourself out of your shoes,
Now the Lashkar-e-Toiba has come in .
Please enter the password for mail account “%s”.
Sarat is the second son of Janakinath.
They can detain or seize suspect foods .
thinking it was some crap laying around.
The area near the Dhund river was called Dhundaad.
in the field of building gliders.
When creating, restrict access to the current user
18 minutes is an absolutely brutal time limit,
How do we obtain new specimens from their habitats ?
are demonstrating to us that what's going on up there
The Tibetian section of sanskrit Buddha literature.
So, right next to my bed I keep a notebook,
{0} joined the network {1} and {2} other network
Actually you take any object coated with fig juice
These messages are not copies.
trying to do the same thing.
and Igbo and Yoruba and Ijo,
If you know anything about government technology,
Could not seek stream: %s
BHEL commenced the manufacture of industrial electronic control equipment .
It wasn ' t exactly that they were secrets ;
Create a search folder for these recipients
Answering the questions should only take a few minutes.
if only some botanist hadn't come along
other team members were not favoring this,but ultimately
We will think this matter in another vision
ghadkashtdhyayi- Sanskrit grammer software (based on padini formula)
no matter what the platform ,
But unfortunately, most people are not our mothers.
And so she can't move out.
Perceptions of the world will appear distorted .
Swimming in particular is very good for this .
Kitchen sink and work surfaces for preparing food ;
because I'm in search of morality, guidance and consolation;
Write disc image to a CD or DVD disc
Do not get too close to the traffic .
Operation not supported by backend
almost anything that could come to me through this device.”
It's a huge amount of data.
She taught him several English and Irish songs .
Sri Lanka montane rain forests
I would put to you that it's possible
And what struck me was
For more information, contact your Jobcentre
It's the symbol of all that we are
Category: Honored by Saraswathi Award
Tel : 0113 257 9950
to break things than to fix them.
You know, the slaughter plants, I've worked with them
Are you sure you want to permanently delete this configuration?
Permission of president should be there
Objection in passing a bill in houses
Unable to connect to the GroupWise server.
Could not find message body in FETCH response.
On the fourth day he fasts .
I mean, probability and statistics,
And he said, “Well we were mostly breaking stealth.”
Unable to parse the feed contents
2 . Or are you :
One of the key technologies that's really important
that it takes to make really mature use
but the plant, meanwhile, has benefited,
I was in South Africa on safari.
National Institute of Technology, Durgapur
The campaign suggests two areas of contrast .
Unable to load file '%s'.
Wireless keyboard is low in power (%.0f%%)
Type of audio output to use
As a final outcome , death ensues .
Your login to your server “{0}” as “{0}” failed.
Remove users that no longer use your computer.
List of airports by IATA code: J
Sizable imports were therefore resorted to .
Because there's huge opportunities in that.
Type for the new partition:
You simply take the proton,
Your memos will not be available until Evolution is restarted.
There are ten thousand verses in the “”Vamanpuran“”.
Matches the device with the given UUID
But their actions are unlikely to differ very much .
advising people how they could live.
call your representative, call your senator.
Indians believes that truth always wins and insincere demolishes.
And chickens and ducks and geese and turkeys
Error writing contents of nonce file ‘%s' to stream:
So the seemingly impossible is possible.
Use selective and relatively safe chemicals .
even though it is endowed with an instinct to survive.
It's interface is available in Hindi also.
Ram requested the sea to give way|
I've always felt that it is impossible
No invitation code is needed to complete the survey.
my wife, my cousin, my neighbor.
Use the GPU to accelerate rendering of SVG filters.
No longer permitted to access the system.
we thought, 'Probably has something to do with the Americans.'”
instead of waiting for government handouts.
Just flash it, scare the guy. He's a punk.
Thank you very much, I appreciate it.
Serialized data is malformed. First section isn't GTKTEXTBUFFERCONTENTS-0001
this is held at Mahalakshmi race course
Religion was again saved .
But this isn't even about Reddit itself.
Highlight the pointer when you press Ctrl
I say, 'Let's do this.'”
And adults' attention and consciousness
or even a mafia hit -
You could ask to see this too .
April 1984: 18 dead near a U.S. airbase in Spain.
Cold patchy swellings develop all over the body .
Similarly , there were no graded appellate courts .
If TRUE, week numbers are displayed
Black-head is a serious disease of the turkeys .
Host lookup failed: %s: %s
5 My son is left-handed.
which tries to account for why guys really prefer
Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences
He is select to senet in November 2003.
Moti Mosque is constructed to the west of 'Hamam'.
Error when checking for updates:
regression in the tumor growth, or inhibition of
the blind, the elite, the amateur runners,
shouldn't create a further burden
I saw opportunity in this stuff.
Failed to create the standard find/replace dialog (error code %d)
SELinux is not enabled on this system
Badruddin attacked them in a forthright manner .
Choose your contractor with care .
Then suddenly , they kneel and die .
could understand what he wrote down.
Is Jack Goody a terrorist ?
I just took a few photos of the kids,
At the interview, an Employment Service Adviser will
You must be authenticated to upload a file.
“Could be I'm wrong. I'm tired of being wrong.
Housing Benefit and Council Tax Benefit
He turned on the light .
Cell background color as a GdkRGBA
Help you may be able to get
error writing zip entry '%s': bad crc or length
Her mother's name was Hemrani Devi.
IFF: data stream seems to be truncated.
So when I was contacted by the Parks Department
Unheard-of things were happening in the country .
%s: Execution of PreSession script returned > 0. Aborting.
that is shaped by the wind.
because they always took the dropout rate as the number
Access your data on %{WEBSITE1}
Green component of the shutdown color
They are having a lot of women volunteers around them.
So the robot then figures out what the features are.
Error loading UI file %s: %s
Imagine a rabbit in a field, eating grass,
the place that this is going on -
not to mention all Mexican people -
and took Jacqueline into the area where she lives.
some challenging moments in my family,
That time Mahadevi was a student at Clasthaved College Ilahabad.
ASCII,The meaning is American Standred For InformationInterchange.
and certainly the most heartbreaking thing I'd ever heard,
I can't hear from my right ear.
Applications to change employment 5 45
to talk about an idea worth spreading -
Brush carefully the day after surgery .
Fear was haunting him . ”
They are support of world.
Okay, induced pluripotent stem cells.
Unable to add device: %s
Existing file '%s' could not be removed: gunlink() failed: %s
Tweak ubuntu to what you like
University of California, Santa Barbara
The word buht is of Indian origin .
This symbol can in turn be followed
Please re-insert the disc in the CD/DVD burner.
Ellipsize for item group headers
These relationships had significant political influence.
He was, of course, foremost,
So the one on the top
Systematic all the potential hazards are identified .
India at the 1964 Summer Olympics
What to do if you wish to complain
Failed to allocate new dl loader.
Now this is people science.
Could not delete network “{0}”
During Hajj, Muslims take rounds around the Kaba.
on what the romantic writers and poets
Keyboard shortcut to detach current tab
Business Team 8 (Employers B)
I found the subject of Iranian women
Go to the previous photo
Display notification when a member comes online
Good thoughts bear good fruit, bad thoughts bear bad fruit.
is also, I think, sometimes misunderstood in this context.
Example:main makbara 1643 is started , but it started building.
System policy prevents enabling or disabling WiFi devices
Custom tabs for this text
I can beam them to whichever school I want to.
he was success in Italian consulate.
Please save and close the current project first.
in order to stay in power.
of course, there's no God.
List of cities in Indiana
Now what if you put together women and humor?
Not every day is going to offer us a chance
Premchand wrote approximately 300 stories, many novels and numerous articles.
The mover has a right of reply .
no roads to speak of, sporadic electricity
Allow to add more data to the disc later
If it comes up, some of them will be submerged.
Frequency of mistakes as a result of impact loads
You are here to put a dent in the universe.
Unable to initialize MP3 stream
Now many of these companies were in America
Are you able to get out and about ?
in my work designing cattle handling facilities.
The petroleum industry was one of them .
Healthy ewes do not require any help at lambing .
Any files outside of Ubuntu will not be encrypted.
Polluted industries weakness running people helper.
Failed to unlock lock file '%s'
“Why not?” “The woman, look how beautiful she is.”
should be a massive increase in aid,
what they want to learn to do.
%s: No remote greeter specified.
Muktbodh (Ultimate Knowledge) Digital Library.
And I remember exactly where I was
Could not evict member “{0}”
Continue using the live CD
Lady Shri Ram College for Women
IIFA Award for Best Actress
that you can't take with your camera.
“ But you are a geographer ! ”
You know, I'm making a very important argument.
The government was forced to release him
Well, if you go back to those psychologists and philosophers,
because he basically promised me -
krishnas poems in tunes atr very beautifully designed
It's been seen nearly 200 million times this year.
and SPECT imaging involves a radioactive injection,
Termites are busy workers .
So we see Pranav here going into the supermarket
I was working too hard,
Please suggest a remedy for green maggot on lablab.
I think there is an alternative.
Dhrtharashtra was the eldest among the 100 sons of Ghandhari
I came up with a saying,
is a mother in India,
Mouse Bindings (default values, not configurable)
MT: This faith in the fictional is essential
Available extensions for “OI Countdown”:
Always you have this choice before you .
Who would they be using it against ?
but I want you to put it in perspective.
so that we can grow up to blow you away.
when you have to deliver things to people
Failed to process the preconfiguration file
They are also part of this world.
In south crocodiles are found in Sindhu river.
patan's Hindu temple,three ancient state's capital medhyeka ekki
Alpha of the blended image
So India is reverting to the normal.
Well the Russians have a tank in their own backyard.
and the international aid bureaucrats who work in aid projects
%s: Error forking user session
Do you realize that you, TED users,
and then those tests are done by technicians
about a subject everybody hates
Revolutionary Chandrashekhar Azaad also helped him in this
maybe you think you're Jesus,
Display notification when a member goes offline
Change Permissions for Enclosed Files
So it's easy to think that corruption happens
They were thinking that Akbar getting off from his religion.
Error parsing commandline options: %s
Afterwards due to scarcity of water he returned to Agra.
Number of allowed authentication failures
Is that still the case?
the dawning of the universe and what I call
In the Middle East, I experienced my work
And so England invented T20 cricket,
Sort photos by exposure date
Move between windows, using a popup window
“Well, we're designing a software for a phone
and the lack of freedom.
that we might not see that.
Start the installation - this is the default option.
Program name as used by the window manager
And then, one eight-year-old said,
then for me, music is my one and only ganja.
Factory for the window navigation related applets
The prevailing colour of these animals is white .
Traditional Indian family values are observed with great honor.
But they also succeed at the job of entrepreneurship.
You cannot copy a file over itself.
is because we were in Europe
that you're carrying around all the time.
You hear about Mars, it's a problem communicating to Mars
Do you remember that Loony Tunes cartoon
that very early on into her treatment,
Keep current keyboard options in the configuration file?
These files are on an Audio DVD.
The consumer fora give valuable service to consumers .
was Norman Borlaug, my hero.
List of cities in New Zealand
Unknown error creating connection editor dialog.
Yun Hota To Kya Hota
Bhartendu Academy of Dramatic Arts
Elephanta festival-Is organized in Elephanta Cave in every February month.
Could not get schema information for LDAP server.
Must specify a PCRE regex to search for.
very easily, and not feel very shy about it.
put an impulse on every four notes.
You have received %d new message in %s.
All those mentioned so far are just plain surfaces .
Emotions & sympathy was the jewel of his work.
error: env flag parsing failed (%s)
This address book could not be opened.
2011 World Championships in Athletics
Scottish Association of Master Bakers
“ What … What did you … ”
Mahatma Gandhi Antarrashtriya Hindi Vishwavidyalaya
“ Are you crying ? ”
and that everything should revolve round us.
Laloo Yadav still won-but only in a fair contest .
but someone needed to pay the philanthropic support
Each school will have its own home-school agreement.
Okay. Right to left, how many? Okay.
Somewhere in here there are actually
Trusted Platform Module (TPM) chip is disabled or absent.
The rotation angle on the X axis
that can come from this project.
Nine countries has supported this govt
My wish is to help design a future of learning
So first, if you are the type,
List of countries by population
to think of the best course of action:
Settings for subtitle, teletext and CC decoders and encoders.
They all study about the food chain.
Perhaps it does n't figure in any list .
Unable to save due to database error
The image blended onto the base image
Failed to initialize the decryption cipher context: %s / %s.
Gambhan: Omkar Joshi's Indian Language Word Processor
That was directed on Wordict Kuran Muhammad (Sall)
How do I appeal against a decision? 8 73
Your own thing, not personal property,
Could not go offline in the network “{0}”
The Constitution of India (in Hindi)
the military in these countries
All are not saints who go to church.
Set owner of '%s' to '%s'
Think bike shops, juice stands.
is to get them a blueprint
After crossing the sea Ram put the thread|
and took him to Bellevue Hospital.
Fees depend on the amount claimed .
Invalid attribute info list content
.Point source dispersion uses modern formulas for thier functioning
Installing extra packages - retrieving and installing ${SUBST0}...
But to make large forms was too heavy and expensive.
Transformed PNG has zero width or height.
There is this film, “White Noise,”
Spool '%s' cannot be opened: %s
missing an end of line character? (entry: %s)
that doesn't mean defiling the Earth;
Lets you choose from thousands of applications available.
She let herself drift away in him .
Connection to the device lost
So in Judaism, we have, from our Torah,
The file does not appear to be a playlist
St Mary's Priory Church, Monmouth
get their ideas across in writing
5 Gorkha Rifles (Frontier Force)
Select the touchpad scroll method
Dash pattern used to draw the focus indicator
his bowling plays an important role in India's victory.
Percentage full for pie color pickers
EXIF not supported for this file format.
Here are a few of them :
Unlock the drive associated with the open folder
What kinds of immunisation are there ?
roman of mother tounge -> devanagari translation application
Enable or disable system networking
was this view from the street -
Take your science, subtract your bullet points
However, the vehicles you see here are big.
Open each selected item in a navigation window
List of fishes of India
She did not move or look round .
You don't choose the spoken word.
Lists of people from India by state
Hindu religion believes that Heaven and Hell are temporary.
If you put it in writing:
But now as the rat explores around,
OIL REFINING AS SUCH INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT
No response from the server.
Back up current Evolution data
The padding to insert at the bottom of the widget.
There are two pools .
Public is also becoming aware of it.
The White Swan Inn, Monmouth
No, the boy said to me -
so he gave the name of ramta Rama
The kaniyari fruit is used by the Oraons .
Phrases from Quran are inscribed on its front door.
Copy task list contents locally for offline operation
Copy selected messages to the clipboard
Venus, of course, is the god of love and fertility,
{Frequently Asked Questions} about Stellarium. Answers too.
We ' ve sought a clarification . ”
There is a literacy hour every day of the week.
The prime minister is 12 years old.
of your biggest personal goal.
actually not so recent anymore -
over 75,000 children have gone through these night schools.
in the end, in 622, he left Mecca for Medina.
but in the many existing entrepreneurs
And mother got time to read for me.
he ' d never dare .
Prompt: '%c' for help, default=%s>
They gave it back to the wise old woman.
who can interact and move through it without getting wet.
Blue value of a pure white on your LED stripes.
This survey is currently not active.
one of the great programs in India
Whether to enable tabs in Nautilus browser windows
If you want to cancel , act quickly .
So these ants don't have any central coordinator.
-LRB- b -RRB- It should have a factual basis .
that I want to try and serve that unity,
Integrity has no need of rules.
Sexual activities are also not allowed.
has created a market for solutions for pharmaceutical problems.
The SoupMessage that backs the request.
Settings for the video, images or video+audio decoders and encoders.
and Tesla, would all be probably diagnosed
His decision , in this matter is final .
Format part as an RFC822 message
What we saw in the destruction of the Bamiyan Buddhas
After they left he rested .
They didn't talk about vulnerability
X coordinate of the actor
And I came to the conclusion that
Then we crossed the border into Syria, went to Aleppo,
#14 Envelope, 5 x 11 1/2 in
“ For God ' s sake think !
Nobody was buying or selling anything; what was happening?
Rather than preceeding the insurgency,
but you've done a really, really good job.
and how bad the situation would get.
Listen to me - nothing ' s happened . ”
This display is using the following resolution:
However, a great deal has been achieved.
Now sound is my passion, it's my life.
In our age of increasing distractions,
The terrain of this region is prone to change.
And he said, “It was humiliating because
Allow all sites to automatically run plugins
Not that I'm not afraid now,
and garment factories in India.
Additional GStreamer plugins are required to play this file: %s
where all of the wisdom of all peoples
In the western and middle part there is field|
gods from the haven seen the battle and felt happy
They continued across the desert .
and when we stand on this platform as such,
What do you say to that ?
The boy didn ' t know what to say .
So we can eliminate all the profiles.
“ Don ' t laugh at me .
The story I wanted to share with you today
in the year 1990increased speed was decreased to 2.9%
Leave a good name in case you return.
A new version of %1$s is available.\n%2$s\n
G.LLakshmanan -LRB- 2 February 1980 ? 31 December 1984 -RRB-
But nobody was interested in listening to it,
trying to convince you to have one model versus another,
it was terror. Life was over.
The tail is fine and of moderate length .
And the truth is I don't really understand
The Indian district of Kargil
Look - how the world has changed !
Unable to launch the cd burner application
Create a traditional audio CD
Or other models, or even technical specifications.
Connection type to return in response to xdm
but we see additional small-scale structure.
They fly, not with rotating components,
Love is the starting point for this
%{URL} wants to use your device's location.
Whether to hibernate, suspend or do nothing when inactive
It can take many forms short of physical violence .
make a difference for the future?
How long will I have to wear braces ?
and making it kind of an annual thing.
The poet understood the poet while the theologians wrangled .
Start to burn the contents of the selection
if you had the time to scan it around -
Start at point number {0}
But there was another big date.
International Federation of Blood Donor Organizations
I nearly died, was in a coma,
And it wasn't solved until 1655.
Real Geeta (in Hindi with meaning)
Failed to write file '%s': fwrite() failed: %s
to remember the extent of that urbanization.
that you have ever experienced in your lives.
Claiming Income Support or income-based Jobseeker 's Allowance ?
plus the 20 million dollars from the American manufacturer.
That is now happening. Let's review each country's evolution:
The secondary text of the message dialog
Received an invalid filename for a save command.
Could not get server hostname: %s!
Now, let's say I figure out it's an equipment problem.
that it was actually more than a nice-to-have.
You and I, only two.
and interestingly, we also find
one of the largest slums of Africa.
Entire country remembered his sacrifice for freedom of the country.
Khadi and Village Industries Commission
The new password is too simple
and by the secrecy that we have afforded
He asked me what I felt .
you are aged 60 or over
After lobbing the bombs, they both surrendered.
2010 New York, not so much.
Encrypt (and optionally sign) the selected file
Whether buttons in dialogs should use the alternative button order
and because the British ruled from the cities,
Libvirt version does not support physical interface listing.
Enter a new name for the displayed emblem:
especially neurons, but we don't want to replace them
Stephanie Monk, CBE <s> Director of Human Resources,
Take one or more other part-time jobs
makes you look at Paris and New Delhi and Zurich;
The lake is entirely frozen.
Initially this system was mainly based on work.
Does it really lead to a single ancestor
- Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum
Popular as a great writer|
And under the scanning electron microscope,
what we know is that connection,
Yahaaan Main Ghar Ghar Kheli
2005 Mutua Madrileña Masters Madrid
This age-old philosophy of power was working its havoc .
helping us discover and evaluate drugs faster,
Create a rule to filter messages to this mailing list
- Complaint about the Council?
drew cartoons that had repercussions all over the world,
well then there is no such thing as moral truth.
Thus, Netaji made out an ideal of true Leading
This project is based on Moss Side.
Error polling connection '%s': %s
Please type your password in the <b>New password</b> field.
they have spent 20 million over 20 years.
If you go to other sources of data
When children do experiments we call it “getting into everything”
Greater than or equal to
No “type” attribute for <%s> node
” I feel trapped .
Imagine this sign everywhere -
There is no data to display.
He was happy at this outcome .
The British government did not fulfill this demand
Exchange losses were quite heavy during the nineties .
Flag of the Czech Republic
I hope that you will be able to see
But I believe that the rules that I'm talking about
he does not have to cut out his emotions,
Gandhari: Daughter of Gandhar's King and wife of Dhritarashtra
Panini -LRB- p . 63 -RRB- .
has got an nobel prize.
%s: Authdir %s does not exist. Aborting.
had been able to see
1993: William Nygaard, Norwegian publisher of The Satanic Verses
I cannot help but remember my grandfather's lesson.
You may need to enable IMAP access
He was specially known for his attachment towards Hindu religion.
the press tends to reinforce this norm
Now it is easy to answer the second question .
Create a new note in this notebook
of a prisoner teaching a class.
So basically that's how it works.
Thumbnail command for PDF Documents
Say something , for goodness sake .
Phone : 0114 259 1001
gnome-keyring-daemon could not be reached!
and our struggle for worthiness,
Move this folder to the Trash
Aerial view of Taj Mahal according to an artist.
Series: interesting places in Delhi.
Class: Awarded the Sahitya Academi Award.
of constantly asking me to do things for him,
Amarawati mandal- Number one Hindi daily of Vidharbha.
that potentially falls within the purview of science.
I love this idea that came from the village level:
♫ The daisies and dogwoods are all in bloom ♫
Well, in looking around for entrepreneurs,
to actually how much people want it?
The style of hinting (hintnone, hintslight, hintmedium, hintfull)
extremely unlikely they'd be able to seize Kabul.
“I did not get a ticket.”
Let them have somewhere they can be together .
looking for flies captured in spider webs
There was bread, there was those little, mini dill pickles,
Paul let out a breath of astonishment .
and then this happens as a way of
and they cook their food on fire.
making the system more efficient the more it is used.
And it all began .
sometimes to once per year.
VPN connection successfully activated (D-Bus active path: %s)
Imagine trying to run the show,
My petals are still all disarranged … ”
Boil Chana pulses and crush it with jaggery .
reminding me of evenings spent listening to Bedouin elders
Can't enumerate values of key '%s'
of what makes for progress,
This was the mythology of the gymnosophist.
List of airports by IATA code: K
again, what can a cartoonist do?
Vada Pav (a popular evening snack)
In the future, I will never doubt my students' abilities.
Dhamma, according to Buddha is:
Vacuum Cleaner at 3m or a Telephone ringing at 2m
He put his hand on her shoulder .
End the current network game and return to network server
Pattern thinkers, music and math minds.
And again, everything is autonomous,
And meanwhile, we'll take our little three-month-old baby,
How to claim see page 18.
After one harvest, they had increased their income enough
Missing %s extension required for compositing
Copy selected files to another location
On your %{ACCOUNTEMAIL} account, it can now:
drift across your consciousness -
Biological ; eg salmonella in chicken ;
Installed packages that are upgradable to a later upstream version
Both the Armed forces jointly attacked on 'Imphal' and 'Kohima'.
as well as everything else.
we decided, let's transform the model of fighting hunger,
And I believe, personally, that we're on the verge,
Follow the suggested procedure for complaints on page 22 .
One of the Bhagya of Bhagwat Geeta is as follows
He blamed his stepfather , and said so .
people have more enthusiasm during diwali.
in the second year after our consultation,
x264 profile and level selection
You can see a pharmacist without an appointment .
No media in drive for device '%s'.
Dominion status was promised after the War .
They asked me, “Please, make our story travel with you.”
The school must agree this beforehand .
I mean, these kids, without control,
This is my two at home, Kendall and Jay.
India at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Graph color for user-related swap usage
The plan of Taj mahal
Sharad Babu's wife was Prabhavati.
I mean, you should see that.
Tick this to accept the license agreement
You might have seen a little light inside of it.
(through Regional Committee of MQM, Peshawar)
some of these data a few years ago
You need to configure Hamachi before you can connect.
Drugs and Solvents - You and Your Child
Click to select multiple disks to perform operations on
How do I appeal against a decision ? 8 73
but a crisis of human resources.
of the one thing that keeps us out of connection
for miles and miles and miles,
that feeling of “I get it now” -
SOCKSv5 connection not allowed by ruleset.
The offset in pixels to apply to the constraint
reading and writing and kinesthetic.
Maximum color value in PNM file is too large
LimeSurvey XML survey file (*.lss)
or two, you can grieve
The Buddha was seated on an elevated platform .
or you reject the doctrine and
And that was all .
Archive does not contain expected files.
Enable experimental WebKit features that are in development.
-select must be used with at least an URI.
” You already know about alchemy .
he has created a strong base in Hindi literature
listen in the coffee bar
Allow world writable files and directories.
So during a two-hour race, each car will be sending
Chrome cannot download this file.
Vijay Anand (Hindi film maker)
as a child, had seen Fide's family.
Show group description only (Forced by the system administrator)
and as you all know, politics are personal.
What you can expect from us
Who do you dance with most ?
Where can I find out more?
the American test of English.
Make it infinitely expandable and affordable to the poor.
But if I had to get a match to match,
Graph color for loopback network usage
Nehru science center is India's foremost mutual science center.
have all the same facts we do
Enter your password for the server “%s”.
From this tower King gives his view to public.
Could not modify user data.
When it is to be done ;
the position oh horse riding
of the Public Radio show This American Life.
As an individual and as soiety
To get a free copy of FFmpeg, click here ->
to rebel or shock people
It is divided into two halves by two canals.
Nation 27% land is of Agricultural land
Please connect a pair of headphones to your audio device.
There was a terrible battle between Lakshman and Meghnad.
Dhrone's character was one of a kind.
from these induced pluripotent stem cells
And we all now feel some ownership
He's not greedy. He doesn't see skin color.
The attack on India by chaina.
